https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smQsfNw_7V4	Justice (Part 1) | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 month ago 43 minutes 1,196,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRBsaJPkt2Q	Cringe | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 4 months ago 1 hour, 23 minutes 1,976,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7WvHTl_Q7I	Shame | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 7 months ago 42 minutes 1,460,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjMPJVmXxV8	Canceling | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 9 months ago 1 hour, 40 minutes 2,526,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jD-PbF3ywGo	Opulence | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 11 months ago 49 minutes 1,842,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1xxcKCGljY	Men | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 30 minutes 2,234,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdvM_pRfuFM	"Transtrenders" | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 34 minutes 1,981,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9mspMJTNEY	Beauty | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 30 minutes 2,012,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pTPuoGjQsI	Gender Critical | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 33 minutes 2,487,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtj7LDYaufM	The Darkness | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 29 minutes 1,451,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbBzhqJK3bg	"Are Traps Gay?" | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 44 minutes 2,208,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6GodWn4XMM	The Apocalypse | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 24 minutes 1,144,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bbINLWtMKI	Pronouns | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 1 year ago 31 minutes 1,888,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1afqR5QkDM	The Aesthetic | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,242,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fD2briZ6fB0	Incels | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 35 minutes 3,770,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyaftqCORT4	The West | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 23 minutes 1,618,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1dJ8whOM8E	Tiffany Tumbles | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,401,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LqZdkkBDas	Jordan Peterson | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 28 minutes 2,970,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR7ryg1w_IQ	What's Wrong with Capitalism (Part 2) | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,050,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWwiUIVpmNY	America: Still Racist | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 21 minutes 883,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6czRFLs5JQo	Autogynephilia | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 48 minutes 1,423,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A	What's Wrong with Capitalism (Part 1) | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,702,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmsoVFCUN3Q	Violence | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 19 minutes 739,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BlNGZunYM8	Degeneracy | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 2 years ago 23 minutes 702,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuN6GfUix7c	The Left | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 3 years ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 1,179,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx4BVGPkdzk	Decrypting the Alt-Right: How to Recognize a F@scist | ContraPoints by ContraPoints 3 years ago 23 minutes 2,046,477 views
