https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fDiRL6xADs	James Charles Takes a Lie Detector Test! by James Charles 2 days ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 3,320,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-F-TzbqCkf0	iOS14 Homescreens Pick My Makeup! by James Charles 5 days ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 3,719,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpVaP6c5imU	ASMR Makeup Tutorial! by James Charles 1 week ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 3,368,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTm8etN-aUk	Makeup en Espa√±ol con Kimberly Loaiza! by James Charles 1 week ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 12,129,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ChVlASY6fw	I Asked My Followers To Photoshop My Pictures... by James Charles 2 weeks ago 15 minutes 5,339,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxxcByjEZWg	10 Things James Charles Can't Live Without by James Charles 3 weeks ago 15 minutes 4,649,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C19IgOGkYGs	DMing Celebrities To Pick My Makeup! by James Charles 3 weeks ago 20 minutes 9,725,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KLwOzhrRBw	SURPRISE! We Got A New Puppy!! üê∂ by James Charles 1 month ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 5,955,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti3hglIhVD8	Emma Chamberlain Picks My Outfits For A Week! by James Charles 1 month ago 23 minutes 9,774,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cZuewnE2Sw	2020 House Tour Part 2 üè° & $100,000 Giveaway! üí∏ by James Charles 1 month ago 17 minutes 8,558,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prSxHZBY3CU	I Bought My First Home! 2020 House Tour üè° by James Charles 1 month ago 17 minutes 10,691,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1mPnQM5hQ0	Giving JoJo Siwa A FULL MAKEOVER! by James Charles 1 month ago 16 minutes 24,894,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS4QgTifeFY	I Adopted a Child for a Day! by James Charles 1 month ago 18 minutes 11,966,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re4nmwWJrBU	I Bought FAKE James Charles Merch! by James Charles 1 month ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 8,961,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7HGUZWq_8s	Doing Doja Cat‚Äôs Makeup!! by James Charles 1 month ago 16 minutes 11,587,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCVyj0F-jU8	Learning How To Do TikTok Transitions! by James Charles 2 months ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 6,719,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF-kfDEJEdc	Living With The World's LONGEST Nails For A Day by James Charles 2 months ago 18 minutes 9,238,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaNZeRNeTrY	A Day In The Life with James Charles by James Charles 2 months ago 21 minutes 6,500,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lT6ABDj32I	Beauty Battle ft. Charli & Dixie D'Amelio by James Charles 2 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 17,965,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-pXHRUrFOo	Makeup Relay Race ft. Sway House! by James Charles 2 months ago 18 minutes 11,872,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOkVEwMQOTM	Prank Calling Makeup Stores! ft. Larray by James Charles 2 months ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 9,146,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIIp6vM5Og4	My Friends Draw My Makeup Looks! by James Charles 2 months ago 15 minutes 18,351,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbRdG8gtxE0	Tik Tok Sing Off Battle ft. Lopez Brothers & My Best Friend by James Charles 2 months ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 7,073,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNi-h2h7FbI	UNEDITED Makeup Tutorial by James Charles 3 months ago 59 minutes 11,110,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6pi_VuevgQ	Reacting to Crazy Tik Toks About Me! by James Charles 3 months ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 8,588,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGsUrlws6sQ	Testing Viral Makeup Hacks!! by James Charles 3 months ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 6,294,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS51fnVsfa4	My Mom & I React To My First Time Being Drunk! by James Charles 3 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 10,983,708 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf4BBCJZZ_E	EXTREME Quarantine Glow Up Makeover! by James Charles 3 months ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 4,921,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z35gYP4z0vE	Drunk Makeup Tutorial! by James Charles 4 months ago 16 minutes 20,354,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueEVCh5Ey9c	The $50,000 WINNING Makeup Look ft. Ashley Strong by James Charles 4 months ago 15 minutes 6,212,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mF70BjNN9IA	The TRUTH About Instant Influencer... üò¨‚òïÔ∏è by James Charles 4 months ago 22 minutes 4,912,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM-24BPy0xA	A Mega Makeup Moment: The Finale - Instant Influencer by James Charles 4 months ago 39 minutes 13,911,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQdXVLSYu-0	The Biggest Beauty Collab In History by James Charles 4 months ago 15 minutes 11,234,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGL7ealeXpw	I have to apologize for this... - Instant Influencer by James Charles 4 months ago 34 minutes 17,058,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsmjzCJrIAc	Ultimate Drag Transformation ft. Trixie Mattel by James Charles 4 months ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 4,820,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwn6JKpSv9U	Click and Drag - Instant Influencer by James Charles 5 months ago 38 minutes 15,113,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL-8L-IvJqk	Full Face Using ONLY a Beauty Blender & Instant Influencer Tea! üëÄ‚òïÔ∏è by James Charles 5 months ago 16 minutes 5,045,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSC2q1Q-7KM	The Competition Begins - Instant Influencer by James Charles 5 months ago 42 minutes 18,380,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIC5YOR8gtY	Fans Pick My Makeup On Zoom! by James Charles 5 months ago 15 minutes 2,607,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl6eCz5117I	Hate Comments Do My Makeup by James Charles 5 months ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 9,423,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT5Awu8s9W0	Full Face Using Only Airbrush Makeup! (4th attempt üòê) by James Charles 5 months ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 12,240,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWjlp7B8DAA	INSTANT INFLUENCER: Official Trailer by James Charles 6 months ago 1 minute, 6 seconds 5,998,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1Iy5WWD9PY	Doing Addison Rae's Makeup! by James Charles 6 months ago 15 minutes 19,127,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9k7vV0NSig	Quarantine Cooking with James Charles by James Charles 6 months ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 5,202,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hsfp_VsGemc	Dude Come Here... Giving Rosa A Makeover! by James Charles 6 months ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 10,349,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5wqeUewAXk	Doing Charli D'Amelio's Makeup! by James Charles 6 months ago 20 minutes 33,519,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYQzyA3TjWs	Going To Work With My Dad For A Day (we demolished a bathroom ü§Æ) by James Charles 6 months ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 4,771,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSc2FH9Crxo	Teaching My Parents Tik Tok Dances! by James Charles 6 months ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 4,385,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTCV-2z7Pck	Korean BBQ Mukbang ft. Bretman Rock! by James Charles 7 months ago 19 minutes 9,478,177 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUhR-lWJDuk	LED Lights Makeup Challenge! by James Charles 7 months ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 7,147,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Sk-9hqf8vY	Reacting To Tik Toks About Me by James Charles 7 months ago 15 minutes 28,086,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwL2foWdUMU	Transforming myself into Dua Lipa! by James Charles 7 months ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 3,378,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVcEPVy3mwo	Zodiac Sign Makeup Challenge! üîÆ‚ôäÔ∏è (relationship TEA) by James Charles 8 months ago 16 minutes 2,926,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ2KdcQCf3M	Strangers On Omegle Pick My Makeup! by James Charles 8 months ago 16 minutes 7,820,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xLc9fXtFHg	Recreating Instagram Filters Using Makeup! by James Charles 8 months ago 20 minutes 4,494,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP_YH6cgOA0	What REALLY Happened In 2019... by James Charles 8 months ago 22 minutes 5,054,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3_LY3zMSNg	2019 Carpool Karaoke ft. My Favorite YouTubers by James Charles 9 months ago 20 minutes 3,802,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpu-nicvYzE	James Charles Answers the Web's Most Searched Questions by James Charles 9 months ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 8,014,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Khu2dXiPf8	Sisters Christmas Party 2019 by James Charles 9 months ago 16 minutes 2,262,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwHfMld-2BU	Trying Celebrity Makeup Hacks! by James Charles 9 months ago 16 minutes 7,804,044 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7s1wUfhiLc	Puppy Picks My Makeup! by James Charles 9 months ago 18 minutes 11,139,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqn6fqkEFqA	Doing Kesha's Makeup! by James Charles 10 months ago 21 minutes 3,505,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXNcv3U1oo8	Doing My Makeup On A Private Jet (BIG MISTAKE LOL) by James Charles 10 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 1,340,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_NWIKya_Qc	I'm Filming My Own Reality Competition Show... & I Want YOU To Be In It! by James Charles 10 months ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 1,583,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-aVhSEO8Ro	Rapping My Makeup Routine by James Charles 10 months ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 2,685,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RFiUfaccpU	Extreme Rainbow Drag Transformation by James Charles 11 months ago 16 minutes 2,424,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0zE2T49xWw	The Nun Halloween Transformation ft. Glam&Gore by James Charles 11 months ago 18 minutes 3,689,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEaNlH_2POE	James Charles x Morphe Part 2 Reveal üåà by James Charles 11 months ago 26 minutes 5,507,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hJ4SP61EDo	Reacting To & Recreating Viral TikTok Makeup Trends by James Charles 1 year ago 20 minutes 11,367,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrzMFW2glIU	Pinkity Drinkity Makeup + Pupdate! by James Charles 1 year ago 22 minutes 4,804,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd9MZZcyzhI	Adopting A Puppy!! üê∂ by James Charles 1 year ago 20 minutes 10,310,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BygSG3gQF0	Harmonizing Challenge ft. Cimorelli by James Charles 1 year ago 16 minutes 2,295,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4pkZWQ10y4	Abby Lee Miller Teaches Me How To Dance by James Charles 1 year ago 21 minutes 10,874,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3bE-ilqDIA	Never Before Seen Footage & Special Announcement by James Charles 1 year ago 15 minutes 2,928,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1jDfxLrVlE	I Bleached My Hair... by James Charles 1 year ago 20 minutes 12,393,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxFaCrFjP0w	Doing My Makeup In An Escape Room by James Charles 1 year ago 15 minutes 4,566,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpsNlmH9Wm8	Anastasia Beverly Hills Foundation... FINALLY a match?! by James Charles 1 year ago 15 minutes 9,216,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFcdAfmzM1s	DMing Celebrities To Pick My Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 25 minutes 21,204,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kI9fsf0S-c	Letting The Person In Front of Me Decide My Makeup Routine by James Charles 1 year ago 21 minutes 8,656,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re2AtzhcG-o	Beauty Guru Plays Minecraft by James Charles 1 year ago 17 minutes 4,634,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uESf0mhp44M	Makeup Relay Race ft. My Best Friends by James Charles 1 year ago 23 minutes 3,225,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEGIeAQcscQ	Making a Song Using ONLY Makeup Products by James Charles 1 year ago 17 minutes 7,820,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v26nVoCWkH8	Hi Sisters by James Charles 1 year ago 27 minutes 11,631,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFvtCUzfyL4	No More Lies by James Charles 1 year ago 41 minutes 53,020,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE4cfVDMHSo	I Got Invited To The Met Gala by James Charles 1 year ago 29 minutes 13,333,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgWKutWMT-o	Making My Own Starbucks Pinkity Drinkity by James Charles 1 year ago 20 minutes 20,929,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDYj_fypPYY	FaceTune Battle ft. Nikita Dragun by James Charles 1 year ago 21 minutes 12,175,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoknPPliWWI	COACHELLA MAKEUP & LOOKBOOK 2019 by James Charles 1 year ago 17 minutes 14,765,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9txATEWXTQ	THE TRUTH... My Crush Does My Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 19 minutes 12,512,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnTidTpDvHU	How Well Do I Know My Favorite Makeup Products? by James Charles 1 year ago 23 minutes 11,016,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyKTR2fsNLU	Doing Makeup On My Arm by James Charles 1 year ago 21 minutes 7,512,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbKcfp69Woc	My Morning Routine by James Charles 1 year ago 22 minutes 21,072,311 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgvxSwYEGcU	Makeup Tutorial en Espa√±ol by James Charles 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 27,273,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZLW23rwPDw	Doing My Makeup In Alphabetical Order by James Charles 1 year ago 24 minutes 17,393,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwSrzeKLbyU	Recreating My Followers Makeup Looks by James Charles 1 year ago 24 minutes 8,640,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuAatHCEqUU	Extreme Drag Transformation ft. Plastique Tiara by James Charles 1 year ago 21 minutes 11,268,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDpUnK1Arz8	Full Face Using Only Liquid Lipsticks by James Charles 1 year ago 15 minutes 10,030,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgr_xoab7q8	Doing Iggy Azalea's Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 27 minutes 13,678,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rAspk1mpGQ	Singing My Makeup Routine by James Charles 1 year ago 18 minutes 8,386,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhfGLn2wu9k	Doing Jenna Marbles' Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 30 minutes 13,533,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yej6oR6qkRs	How I Used To Do My Makeup vs. Now by James Charles 1 year ago 27 minutes 15,245,548 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCwQw0r_uW4	Makeup Relay Race Ft. David Dobrik & Vlog Squad by James Charles 1 year ago 38 minutes 18,154,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xcg3VBNvZW0	Why I‚Äôm Going To Be Single Forever by James Charles 1 year ago 20 minutes 7,811,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDTlFoVq9GQ	Beauty Battle ft. My Favorite Makeup Artists by James Charles 1 year ago 25 minutes 3,284,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxrHmoCvoTE	My House Tour! by James Charles 1 year ago 34 minutes 15,265,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ak2oWhxwAs	Decorating My Entire House ft. Mr Kate by James Charles 1 year ago 49 minutes 9,724,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yUmHtCfjbc	Turning Myself Into a Bratz Doll by James Charles 1 year ago 24 minutes 19,241,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7vYOkPdsnc	Celebrity Makeup Artist Does My Makeup ft. MakeupByMario by James Charles 1 year ago 31 minutes 6,903,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbZzeceXKKk	Messy Makeup Trivia ft. Jeffree Star & Tati by James Charles 1 year ago 35 minutes 20,774,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAasAEbIVAw	Baking My Palette into a Cake by James Charles 1 year ago 26 minutes 16,422,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDKWmNpw7gE	Never Enough Cover ft. Cimorelli by James Charles 1 year ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 43,050,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8NRaq_1gNw	Sisters Apparel Lookbook by James Charles 1 year ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 4,036,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwykdYtB5hw	Finding My PERFECT Foundation Match... Finally by James Charles 1 year ago 36 minutes 18,056,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtTAp--6piA	My Best Friends Expose Me... by James Charles 1 year ago 30 minutes 5,848,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY-P6WcEa54	Never Before Seen Footage Of 2018 by James Charles 1 year ago 17 minutes 9,841,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jb-9yV1Ed50	Best Friends Build A Gingerbread Dream House ft. Emma Chamberlain & Dolan Twins by James Charles 1 year ago 25 minutes 14,697,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-tt5i56zo8	I Tried Following A Bob Ross Tutorial On my Face by James Charles 1 year ago 29 minutes 11,570,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hthcWCOxyUs	I Bought A FAKE James Charles Palette by James Charles 1 year ago 20 minutes 46,297,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRuQ4-9WlJM	Beauty Battle ft. Kim Kardashian & MakeupByMario by James Charles 1 year ago 26 minutes 19,493,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGtEbkdWjnY	Recreating My Followers Makeup Looks by James Charles 1 year ago 27 minutes 18,333,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvQj2VVd5s8	Doing Liza Koshy's Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 27 minutes 17,241,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rfs-4DPlm7I	Palette Swap ft. Jeffree Star by James Charles 1 year ago 38 minutes 27,350,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTGKqJ182pY	Full Face Of Makeup Using ONLY My Palette by James Charles 1 year ago 19 minutes 13,218,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsJ4ShB0QAQ	Driving With James Charles by James Charles 1 year ago 27 minutes 5,506,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lq8hCNTmN68	Brother & Sister: Conspiracy Theories by James Charles 1 year ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 4,965,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xU9rJGqJjQ	10 Makeup Looks For 10 Million Subscribers by James Charles 1 year ago 24 minutes 8,630,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIRiM07_Y5w	Beauty Battle ft. The Ace Family by James Charles 1 year ago 26 minutes 14,320,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzRiGly22s4	Makeup Artists Try My Palette by James Charles 1 year ago 36 minutes 5,128,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fnMKvWF_i8	Unleash Your Inner Artist Makeup Tutorial by James Charles 1 year ago 15 minutes 7,650,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c4wxwLbtxo	James Charles x Morphe Reveal by James Charles 1 year ago 36 minutes 11,731,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33qrzJLdsWQ	Doing My Best Friend‚Äôs Halloween Makeup ft. Dolan Twins & Emma Chamberlain by James Charles 1 year ago 32 minutes 24,015,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYNl2Y5AV3g	Mermaid Halloween Makeup Tutorial by James Charles 1 year ago 22 minutes 5,086,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCMAw5GUN8w	A Ghost Does My Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 9,075,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5Z97zashxQ	Making My Own Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 33 minutes 14,982,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLNrstf-oR4	Get Ready With Us ft. Antonio Garza by James Charles 1 year ago 28 minutes 9,984,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yKU63gGraM	Brother & Sister: The Future by James Charles 1 year ago 15 minutes 4,809,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uk6rKXbG1M	Doing Kylie Jenner's Halloween Makeup by James Charles 1 year ago 19 minutes 42,748,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoI4tGhcLmg	First Time In Full Drag Transformation by James Charles 1 year ago 46 minutes 13,568,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMPsfiXaXGk	Brother & Sister: ASMR by James Charles 2 years ago 15 minutes 9,104,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-0XNMMEW2A	MESSY MAKEUP TRIVIA ft. Nikita Dragun & Gabriel Zamora by James Charles 2 years ago 23 minutes 14,487,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1txwLBwrtT0	EMPTY HOUSE TOUR 2018! by James Charles 2 years ago 19 minutes 6,294,091 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eemfhb9qFyE	REACTING TO & RECREATING MY FIRST MAKEUP LOOK by James Charles 2 years ago 32 minutes 17,443,160 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRwr5W69Ju8	60 SECOND SEPHORA SWEEP ft. Tati Westbrook by James Charles 2 years ago 32 minutes 10,834,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMbOhMaSh1c	BROTHER & SISTER: PET PEEVES by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 8,638,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjyhqLO4Zjc	VOCAL COACH TELLS ME THE TRUTH ABOUT MY SINGING... by James Charles 2 years ago 31 minutes 7,306,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuLwkcn_mY0	LITTLE BROTHER BUYS MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 23 minutes 20,863,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_HoBSb-03A	MY TRUTH... just kidding lol chit chat get ready with me by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 4,415,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sW_1fB9AwE0	BEST FRIENDS BUY EACH OTHER OUTFITS ft. Dolan Twins & Emma Chamberlain by James Charles 2 years ago 27 minutes 37,358,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFvCeXopHjs	BACK TO SCHOOL EASY MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 15 minutes 6,216,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIk47BG3dcg	RECREATING MY FOLLOWER'S MAKEUP FACECHARTS! by James Charles 2 years ago 19 minutes 5,674,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_e2_UxFSnU	FULL FACE USING MY MOM‚ÄôS MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 17,678,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABWzDLUgDys	SINGING MY HATE COMMENTS by James Charles 2 years ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 9,910,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B7zrlh1rsc	DRAWING MYSELF... WITH MAKEUP! by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 6,661,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Poc_refN110	I TRIED FOLLOWING THE FIRST EVER MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 21,230,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TEG0N7ncLY	$50 MAKEOVER vs. $3000 MAKEOVER by James Charles 2 years ago 27 minutes 9,980,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKtwjYgY9bs	ZOO ANIMALS PICK MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 26 minutes 14,462,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWZvhOvX-Mc	GOD IS A WOMAN MAKEUP TUTORIAL & COVER by James Charles 2 years ago 19 minutes 7,978,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts6zS0l545U	MAKEUP ARTIST TRIES TO PLAY FORTNITE by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 10,440,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKwc-8-kfpQ	SNEAKING INTO A BEAUTY CONVENTION IN DISGUISE... this gets real. by James Charles 2 years ago 28 minutes 8,254,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fags1X798UE	PROFESSIONAL FX ARTIST TRANSFORMS ME by James Charles 2 years ago 22 minutes 7,739,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IAiFLqv6EE	SINGING MY MAKEUP ROUTINE by James Charles 2 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 11,355,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqjypO_Hmxc	JAMES CHARLES BEING ANNOYING FOR 17 MINUTES STRAIGHT by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 5,975,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LmQjhv4Q5s	LITTLE BROTHER & I BUY EACH OTHER OUTFITS! *$6000 SHOPPING SPREE?!* by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 10,944,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoPL4-Q9KwY	STYLE SWAP ft. JACLYN HILL by James Charles 2 years ago 22 minutes 5,856,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MummYPzuUo	MAKEUP ARTIST TRIES DRAWING by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 19 seconds 7,970,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ7zbVzwQw	RECREATING MY FOLLOWER'S MAKEUP LOOKS by James Charles 2 years ago 23 minutes 8,319,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hlJv0jB4dg	TEACHING THE DOLAN TWINS & EMMA CHAMBERLAIN HOW TO DO MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 25 minutes 29,349,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKYZ0ELsHpE	HATE COMMENTS DO MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 27,264,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMqSY_zBP74	CRAYOLA CRAYONS MAKEUP REVIEW by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 15,052,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsQb18nU2hA	MY APARTMENT TOUR!! by James Charles 2 years ago 22 minutes 11,749,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRrKg8iFx8k	SLAYCATION: JAMES CHARLES TAKES AUSTRALIA by James Charles 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,984,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Rr9u6QGgVc	STRANGERS DO MY MAKEUP IN AUSTRALIA by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 3,941,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daSSF_8hRjU	BROTHER & SISTER: MOVING OUT by James Charles 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 6,983,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLs7p-brvP0	EXTREME DRAG TRANSFORMATION by James Charles 2 years ago 20 minutes 6,635,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuhY_L9mKic	FULL FACE OF MAKEUP USING ONLY ART SUPPLIES by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 33,555,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfUrkGIuowY	BROTHER & SISTER: SOCIAL MEDIA by James Charles 2 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 5,096,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNZuQKuWV8Q	REACTING TO MY OLD YOUTUBE VIDEOS by James Charles 2 years ago 21 minutes 6,517,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQQit01HHLY	BLIND GIRL DOES MY MAKEUP ft. MOLLY BURKE by James Charles 2 years ago 27 minutes 14,331,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tycv-BrIG6M	BROTHER & SISTER: GROWING UP TOGETHER by James Charles 2 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 12,793,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTzIocqKJBg	I GOT CAUGHT... MY COMING OUT STORY (chit chat get ready with me) by James Charles 2 years ago 30 minutes 6,600,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZRdXz1fzR0	FACETUNING MY FOLLOWERS SELFIES by James Charles 2 years ago 22 minutes 11,236,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtHM8yGVCTc	BROTHER & SISTER: SCHOOL by James Charles 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 8,779,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTDjHG9FFCI	STYLE SWAP feat. JEFFREE STAR by James Charles 2 years ago 34 minutes 19,294,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef5yD5l93k4	Zedd - The Middle ft. Maren Morris & Grey (SING OFF vs. MY BEST FRIEND) by James Charles 2 years ago 5 minutes, 41 seconds 27,190,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuHRsjAIQNE	GET READY WITH US IN OUR HELICOPTER (ft. Tana Mongeau) by James Charles 2 years ago 25 minutes 2,491,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ7gTzlzZcE	30 MINUTE MAKEUP IN SEPHORA CHALLENGE by James Charles 2 years ago 15 minutes 10,652,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEnWzvzVMaA	FESTIVAL RAINBOW MAKEUP & LOOKBOOK by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 8,720,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdBKzx6EEik	MADDIE & KENZIE DO MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 19 minutes 17,383,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGLV9RTd810	I LET MY SUBSCRIBERS PICK MY MAKEUP... KINDA by James Charles 2 years ago 21 minutes 10,748,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgOanxVKcZU	RED CARPET READY IN UNDER $100 by James Charles 2 years ago 21 minutes 6,262,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIlIzzk3dqs	SINGING OUR MAKEUP ROUTINE (ft. Zhavia) by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 20,195,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6IUMKMpdRo	BROTHER & SISTER: RELATIONSHIPS by James Charles 2 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 9,915,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeCgsmTjHjk	SHANE DAWSON AND RYLAND DO MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 13,332,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOMCIMUU29E	MY LITTLE BROTHER GOES TO A MAKEUP PARTY by James Charles 2 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 8,882,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsNvhSHvv4Y	MY LITTLE BROTHER & I SWITCHED LIVES FOR A DAY by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 15,553,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boMxogTNQD4	LITTLE BROTHER TRIES TO FOLLOW MY MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 15 minutes 27,075,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEltmPagx6M	DEMI LOVATO - YOU DON'T DO IT FOR ME ANYMORE (FLASHBACK) by James Charles 2 years ago 4 minutes, 18 seconds 1,560,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH4ZXmeEJXs	STRANGERS DO MY MAKEUP ON HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD by James Charles 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 4,517,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qjGfi-FQro	BROWS, EYESHADOW, WINGED LINER, & LASHES FOR BEGINNERS by James Charles 2 years ago 31 minutes 5,930,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnjb38EQM84	DOING MY MOM'S MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 20 minutes 8,893,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvmTr6S00Aw	MY PARENTS DO MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 19 minutes 10,660,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVaYg11MNJE	HOW TO GET PERFECT SKIN WITH MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 27 minutes 5,007,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqlQM7PKWQs	I TRIED FOLLOWING A JENNA MARBLES MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 20 minutes 9,905,954 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFcCdsliIuc	DOING MY MAKEUP IN REVERSE by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 12,378,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WskfvEBmW6I	DOING MY MAKEUP IN THE DARK! by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 6,834,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpZ4OQiqXV8	DRAMA IN THE BEAUTY COMMUNITY by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 9 seconds 3,873,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVjDikLYMEc	RECREATING MY FOLLOWER'S MAKEUP LOOKS by James Charles 2 years ago 19 minutes 4,516,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ep2OdAUwCM	TARTE SHAPE TAPE FOUNDATION FULL REVIEW by James Charles 2 years ago 15 minutes 5,830,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PSEduf5jHk	TEACHING FAZE RUG HOW TO DO MAKEUP + HE TEACHES ME HOW TO GAME! by James Charles 2 years ago 24 minutes 2,646,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtXwS40iaNs	STYLE SWAP feat. NIKKIE TUTORIALS by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 12,001,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVuTGbfsSI0	FULL FACE OF TATTOOS USING ONLY MAKEUP! by James Charles 2 years ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 4,126,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKFd5rAUM2s	BLANK CANVAS... 2017 YEAR IN REVIEW by James Charles 2 years ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 6,343,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHOyg1oDeis	FULL FACE OF YOUTUBER CHRISTMAS PRESENTS by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 7,598,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znEKnC47YyY	KYLIE CONCEALERS FULL HONEST REVIEW by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 7,879,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGhC2EwCAWM	TESTING KYLIE $360 BRUSH SET VS MORPHE DUPES by James Charles 2 years ago 23 minutes 7,902,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y26pMy4jf8U	SINGING MY MAKEUP ROUTINE (CHRISTMAS EDITION!) by James Charles 2 years ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 2,729,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7CsTuHv5As	JOEY AND DANIEL DO MY MAKEUP! by James Charles 2 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 2,492,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaFNKZO51tw	TURNING MY LITTLE BROTHER INTO A DRAG QUEEN! by James Charles 2 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 11,791,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQC09Mdn24w	HOLIDAY SLAY MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 1,644,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8qQWNTUt2o	73 Questions With James Charles | Vogue by James Charles 2 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 9,498,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNPzd1_XzFg	MIXING ALL MY SETTING POWDERS TOGETHER by James Charles 2 years ago 15 minutes 4,973,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qW0tE4D6x-M	DUA LIPA - NEW RULES (FLASHBACK) by James Charles 2 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 8,055,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNdPVWnUFiY	A DAY IN THE LIFE WITH ME by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 2,127,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egXr0PU-kCY	BEAUTY GURU GETS A MAKEOVER... FINALE by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 2,321,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvvzyMhyx1k	DOLAN TWINS DO MY MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 8,025,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMCJEaBchjE	MORPHE HOLIDAY COLLECTION FULL REVEAL & TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 17 minutes 2,002,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENxQZZk6fc8	DOING LAURA LEE'S MAKEUP by James Charles 2 years ago 16 minutes 2,350,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROzC9ZySGos	MAKEUP vs iPHONE X FACE ID by James Charles 2 years ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 7,253,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnvK9lgiOg4	BEAUTY GURU GETS A MAKEOVER AT ULTA by James Charles 2 years ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 4,184,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1F7OIzvyiI	BEAUTY GURU GETS A MAKEOVER AT MAC by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 4 seconds 2,902,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFHNx770ahY	BEAUTY GURU GETS A MAKEOVER AT SEPHORA by James Charles 2 years ago 14 minutes, 28 seconds 5,863,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4dUvsHVnbs	DOING MY MAKEUP IN AN UBER by James Charles 2 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 2,315,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxGDMR05gL0	FALL FIRST IMPRESSIONS MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 18 minutes 1,500,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y61Q5w8qdSw	IT PENNYWISE GLAM HALLOWEEN MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,544,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLM2gl8RGj0	DOING COLLEEN BALLINGER'S MAKEUP WHILE SHE READS MY 2013 FAN TWEETS TO HER by James Charles 2 years ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 6,884,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVgQV6v_QKY	NEON SKULL HALLOWEEN MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 3,241,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbU_B5FlvQI	BOYFRIEND BUYS MY HALLOWEEN COSTUMES by James Charles 3 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 2,560,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Flmxl3ZfjVM	TESTING OUT *FAKE* MAKEUP PART 2 by James Charles 3 years ago 17 minutes 5,530,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qkgFES0r-U	LEAVING YOUTUBE... chit chat get ready with me by James Charles 3 years ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 1,216,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaxT1Wj7BJk	CHARLIE PUTH - ATTENTION (FLASHBACK COVER) by James Charles 3 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 5,263,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mq9dxmh6JiE	FENTY BEAUTY by RIHANNA FULL REVIEW by James Charles 3 years ago 21 minutes 8,083,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgdlBelqOYQ	ELIJAH AND CHRISTINE DO MY MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 4,118,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RRN8b-p9_E	SINGING MY MAKEUP ROUTINE by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 5,786,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ_xQgVK0NI	DRAG TRANSFORMATION by James Charles 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,000,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl2yyT2Qg8Y	GLITTER FRECKLES MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 1,212,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaM6jCO0uZk	10 MIN DRUGSTORE BACK TO SCHOOL MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 2,968,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkILnjg0IQ8	DOING MY LITTLE BROTHER'S MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 4,524,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xu9qm5ea88	LITTLE BROTHER DOES MY MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 9,379,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8oWJAZMS_4	GET READY WITH ME USING FIRST IMPRESSIONS | ANASTASIA SUBCULTURE, LIQUID GLOW, NEW FAV FOUNDATION?! by James Charles 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,269,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C28Z-XTrVlo	GETTING ILLEGAL SUBSTANCES SENT TO ME?! FREE MAKEUP BEAUTY GURUS GET by James Charles 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 1,509,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXBfZqdObvg	TAKE HER SWIMMING ON THE FIRST DATE by James Charles 3 years ago 14 minutes, 26 seconds 7,285,577 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L20ZpvX1y-Q	KIM KARDASHIAN INSPIRED SMOKEY LINER | JACLYN HILL PALETTE by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 734,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUOdOPpZjI	GIVING A FAN A FULL MAKEOVER!! by James Charles 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,300,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRV1D-caOTM	KENDALL JENNER INSPIRED BRONZE SMOKEY EYE by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 646,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6NA83NPjRM	HOW MUCH MONEY BEAUTY GURUS *REALLY* MAKE! HONEST Q&A by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,306,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c0z2jihcsY	KIM KARDASHIAN WEST KKW BEAUTY REVIEW by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 3,086,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NBQ_2tmYik	FIRST IMPRESSIONS GET READY WITH ME ft. Jaclyn Hill x Morphe Palette by James Charles 3 years ago 18 minutes 1,852,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk6X02zbUao	RAINBOW CUT CREASE PRIDE MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 1,252,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mJE7aWT50Q	DEWY SKIN SUMMER GLOW MAKEUP ROUTINE by James Charles 3 years ago 17 minutes 866,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2SpQ9gJ2pM	DOING MY DADDY'S MAKEUP by James Charles 3 years ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 5,001,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNI9nfsXPys	DOING TANA MONGEAU'S MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 7,589,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K4ThGcUnBs	FULL FACE USING ALL CUSHION PRODUCTS? WET N WILD REVIEW! by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,070,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c62fnHHvzSA	BIRTHDAY GET READY WITH ME + MEET & GREET + SPECIAL GIVEAWAY by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 632,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bM49lhbm4TY	CUT CREASE POP OF COLOR LINER TUTORIAL WITH AMANDA ENSING by James Charles 3 years ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 420,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zRj_zDiO-U	RAINBOW HOLOGRAPHIC LIP GLOSS?! by James Charles 3 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 738,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC5okvpqClE	FULL FACE OF MAKEUP USING *FAKE* MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,315,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nA4lKvNnaj0	EASY PROM SLAY HAIR AND MAKEUP TUTORIAL! by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 414,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdsL6mnUzLk	UPDATED BROW ROUTINE! by James Charles 3 years ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 428,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVksyA6IDQA	THE BEST WAY TO FIND YOUR PERFECT LIPSTICK SHADE?!? WTF by James Charles 3 years ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 2,604,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u1kgc0dT4M	DOING MADDIE ZIEGLER'S MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 11,655,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFY8E4Pj2No	Q&A + GET READY WITH ME | BROWN SMOKEY EYE & CUSTOM LIP COLOR by James Charles 3 years ago 20 minutes 383,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqEw53Iiav0	RAINBOW HALF CUT CREASE FESTIVAL MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes 506,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PilBN9w-T5A	FESTIVAL DRUGSTORE MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 15 minutes 941,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQzIbLeGnr0	RECREATING MY MEMES by James Charles 3 years ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 11,371,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgvEsUDKBw8	DRAG TRANSFORMATION WITH FARRAH MOAN! by James Charles 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,314,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYbot1VxB84	HOW TO TAKE YOUR SELFIES FROM DRAB TO FAB! FACETUNE TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,970,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8O18WkPOjE	MY FAVORITE MAKEUP BRUSHES by James Charles 3 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 995,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qR3q3ncjJ7c	EASY GLAM EVENT MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 843,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e36sWuQR5zA	VALENTINES DAY GLITTER MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 710,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO1PWjFO62M	DADDY DOES MY MAKEUP by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 2,301,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guwF3-nbw5w	MONOCHROMATIC PINK GLOW MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 345,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5v1MaDK4-8	EVERYDAY EASY GLAM MAKEUP TUTORIAL + GLASSES by James Charles 3 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 3,891,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K5vYaRQUfY	DADDY DOES MY VOICEOVER by James Charles 3 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 3,132,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xt-zjxVGNc	NEW YEARS EVE PURPLE GLITTER CUT CREASE Makeup Tutorial by James Charles 3 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 593,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6etM5DD1PA	SLAYCATION: JAMES CHARLES TAKES PUNTA CANA by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 859,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQF7H1WlvB4	TEACHING RICKY DILLON HOW TO DO MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 746,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yN8GAMBgMq4	CHRISTMAS HOE HOE HOE DRAG MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 992,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FyDArolCZ4	ARE YOU A TOP OR BOTTOM? by James Charles 3 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 760,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEmdknuvHCs	NO MIRROR MAKEUP CHALLENGE FT. RCLBEAUTY101 by James Charles 3 years ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 2,461,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI_B9Kr5cVk	BLEACH BROWS SMOKEY LINER CHIT CHAT GET READY WITH ME by James Charles 3 years ago 16 minutes 724,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAsDF_C08Qw	GLITTER LINER CRANBERRY FALL MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 793,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJSJr8FpCaQ	TEACHING JOEY GRACEFFA HOW TO DO MAKEUP! by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 3,612,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxP9pBBVizM	PLAYBOY BUNNY HALLOWEEN MAKEUP TUTORIAL by James Charles 3 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 591,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJkbQ5ap7as	EASY BURN SPECIAL FX HALLOWEEN MAKEUP TUTORIAL | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 770,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aWmFAIuUMI	FULL FACE USING NO BRUSHES MAKEUP CHALLENGE | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 3,758,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Lovk1Vu2vg	SNAPCHAT GALAXY FILTER MAKEUP TUTORIAL  | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 623,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwE05D_2Ig	KYLIE KYSHADOW CUT CREASE MAKEUP TUTORIAL | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 1,257,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ebAWr3L1M4	CHUNKY GLITTER FESTIVAL Makeup Tutorial | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 620,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6cjoiBh4EI	BOY GLAM MAKEUP TUTORIAL W/ WILLAM by James Charles 4 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 1,274,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr2wKjmt-7o	POP OF COLOR MAKEUP TUTORIAL W/  BEN J PIERCE! by James Charles 4 years ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 463,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aNZfYDEN8M	SUMMER GLOW + BOLD LIP Makeup Tutorial | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 371,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNL0_k-W50E	FAKE FRECKLES Makeup Tutorial | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 3 minutes, 3 seconds 1,610,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QQLFYdlyGY	FOUNDATION ROUTINE Makeup Tutorial | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 1,015,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raxb4zHJJPQ	BLUE/BROWN SERPENT Makeup Tutorial | JCharlesBeauty by James Charles 4 years ago 7 minutes, 28 seconds 2,438,824 views
