https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=509V3RSOwGA	I Bought A $200,000 Box Of Pokémon Cards by Logan Paul 2 days ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 3,662,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrM5AuErOrM	Goodbye Forever. by Logan Paul 1 week ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 5,370,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agDb_ps9UvA	TEKASHI 6IX9INE 🌈 by Logan Paul 3 weeks ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 5,267,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bXCJzvVHuE	She Couldn't Hold It In Anymore... by Logan Paul 1 month ago 6 minutes 4,675,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrqNE37L_ZI	I Cheated by Logan Paul 1 month ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 6,478,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28SlGarWNy8	She Will Have My Baby If... by Logan Paul 1 month ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 5,864,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8e2ExenV-w	Trapped With My Girlfriend At -202 Degrees by Logan Paul 1 month ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 6,309,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp9hqc8fozg	I Painted Josie Like One Of My French Girls by Logan Paul 1 month ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 6,407,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThnGd7P6lxQ	Will My Boys Lie To My Girlfriend For Me? by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 6,581,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhtaaW_BOw4	Hollywood Changed Us... by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes, 9 seconds 5,462,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VglNPboRfY	This Completely Crushed Them... by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 6,114,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqhz6yY6hhQ	We Ran Away Together by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 5,347,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwNC_lzglHA	Can I Borrow $250,000? by Logan Paul 2 months ago 5 minutes, 25 seconds 5,357,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1TUUW7PO4E	This Got Me In Trouble... by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 5,287,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GV9tYy9EqU	He Always Has My Back by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes 5,372,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25rKOHsKmI8	We Discovered A Hidden Mountain Lake by Logan Paul 2 months ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 6,144,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDKV4iCo2ZE	This Was A Mistake by Logan Paul 2 months ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 5,738,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGJFmLjrULY	Jake Paul Warned You. by Logan Paul 2 months ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 5,877,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oouMrHxoWQo	I’ve Never Been This Happy by Logan Paul 2 months ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 8,131,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeQaadw_Evk	WE DID IT ON A PLANE! by Logan Paul 3 months ago 4 minutes, 3 seconds 6,539,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5L8ceVHcWgw	I WANT TO MAKE A BABY! by Logan Paul 3 months ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 6,749,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm3DWqXwBVo	MY DAD MADE ME DO IT! by Logan Paul 3 months ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 5,654,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM3GkjSOtro	The Hardest Thing I’ve Ever Done by Logan Paul 3 months ago 5 minutes, 30 seconds 6,138,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s77_oUyMS38	My Girlfriend Hates Me by Logan Paul 3 months ago 3 minutes, 58 seconds 5,869,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS0TqL89LWs	This Was Disgusting. by Logan Paul 3 months ago 3 minutes, 50 seconds 5,663,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oZ2EwKhXbs	The Best Moment Of My Life by Logan Paul 3 months ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 6,713,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WB0RpNKtW3A	I Bought My Girlfriend A Horse by Logan Paul 3 months ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 6,086,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I03GXPO8VlE	He’s Moving Out. by Logan Paul 3 months ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 6,044,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHtbJKJuodM	Where I’ve Been by Logan Paul 3 months ago 4 minutes, 3 seconds 5,260,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UXM22doS4E	WE CAUGHT CREEPERS ON OMEGLE! **Creepy** by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 4 seconds 5,881,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOz6XKw0DX0	PROTECTING MY GIRLFRIEND! by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 2 seconds 8,300,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wW7CnIsMjcI	PAYING LANA RHOADES $10,000! by Logan Paul 4 months ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 11,842,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxwiSQ_aVH8	The Return Of Maverick by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 5,438,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkUsJynG_K4	THESE GLASSES CURED MY COLORBLINDNESS! (AGAIN) by Logan Paul 4 months ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 5,039,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT5hMw80Xeo	WE WALKED IN ON THEM! (Embarrassing) by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 7,819,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWgVha9b6_o	My Best Friend’s Painful Surgery... by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 6,162,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOy_A_ZKYgw	Meeting Lana’s Baby... by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 7,588,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FF2mrmvLqI4	My Dad Needs To Be Hospitalized... by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 6,094,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFSA9dshSJI	ASKING LANA RHOADES FOR $10,000! by Logan Paul 4 months ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 10,046,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9uSM1XsGug	We Saved His Life... by Logan Paul 4 months ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 5,265,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO07BmSwW88	I Made My Assistant Cry (Again) by Logan Paul 5 months ago 4 minutes, 34 seconds 5,674,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZdzuaj-CWU	WHO’S THE MOST FERTILE?! (Contest) by Logan Paul 5 months ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 8,987,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7vbP88tsYY	Dear Carole Baskin... by Logan Paul 5 months ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 6,245,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C85nDgs18to	The Day I Almost Died by Logan Paul 5 months ago 4 minutes, 38 seconds 7,907,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKJDLelo17o	SURPRISING ASSISTANT WITH HER DREAM VEHICLE! by Logan Paul 5 months ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 10,859,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3hzU2dsb08	MY FIRST TIME! by Logan Paul 5 months ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 6,873,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6J1Pe-pPwgI	She Dumped Him. by Logan Paul 5 months ago 4 minutes, 50 seconds 8,329,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL2LsW_m1-s	They’re Finally Moving Out. by Logan Paul 5 months ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 7,519,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-Z5XTAknec	Saying Goodbye To Mike. by Logan Paul 5 months ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 7,778,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oanB5UV4f6Q	My New Bird! by Logan Paul 5 months ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 7,176,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2Cy-3vKjug	THE SOCIOPATHS COOKED MY PET! by Logan Paul 5 months ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 5,678,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQthtoz2FQk	I Had An Accident. by Logan Paul 5 months ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 5,942,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HFgOK6eZW4	I Hate Jake Paul. by Logan Paul 5 months ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 6,428,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjSi07aXU4	I Hate My Birthday. by Logan Paul 6 months ago 8 minutes, 1 second 8,245,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NPDIWLgCSc	Logan Paul Takes a Lie Detector Test by Logan Paul 6 months ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 7,154,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWfjRJsIVzo	Punishing Jake Paul... by Logan Paul 6 months ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 5,991,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btnwdN1sVys	THEY’RE THE REASON I’M SINGLE! by Logan Paul 6 months ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 8,523,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ws1zc4EQ1s	I Destroyed My Best Friend’s PRICELESS Art... by Logan Paul 6 months ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 6,464,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkEhqDyIFpk	We Have A Problem. by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 6,180,337 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgQtd8u0UcQ	SHE’S MOVING IN... by Logan Paul 6 months ago 6 minutes, 59 seconds 11,598,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuXsYupuj14	THIS GIRL TOILET PAPERED MY HOUSE! by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes, 34 seconds 4,626,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OvXFSCmX2s	SHE DIDN’T SEE THIS COMING! by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 7,469,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovVfSyZXwJo	FINALLY MET HIS HOT NEW ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 6,071,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySEOD9WjgOo	Mike Got Sick. by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes 7,291,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SARjMdZfX7s	KNOCKED OUT BY PROFESSIONAL UFC FIGHTER! by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes, 15 seconds 7,054,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8_9Xc17RDw	MY GIFT TO LANA RHOADES... by Logan Paul 6 months ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 9,055,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zoae1zkIgIg	Goodbye Logan Paul by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 5,819,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpUg4sDTZ5U	Lost A Bet. Pierced My Nipple. by Logan Paul 7 months ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 3,880,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcxusBlutWU	COLORBLIND KID TRIES TO SORT M&M’s! by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes 7,875,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XByXkfy4byw	Addressing Evan’s Problem. by Logan Paul 7 months ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 7,661,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmRMCfOeQSk	His Girl Forgot that She Slid in my DMs (Exposed) by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 4,046,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaloZ-baQF0	Visiting the Dog that Killed Maverick by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 8,235,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWUh2diPmo8	Dating My Brother’s Ex-Wife... by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 7,541,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoQINw9mgdo	My Dark Confession to Mike’s Girlfriend... by Logan Paul 7 months ago 3 minutes, 55 seconds 11,819,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nioWP5gIong	Harvesting Honey from a MASSIVE Beehive (Extremely Satisfying) by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 6,752,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVkY9PjqIXc	LANA RHOADES GETS REVENGE ON MIKE! (Cheating Prank) by Logan Paul 7 months ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 10,291,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn5Kc2MYztk	CAUGHT HER CHEATING ON ME! by Logan Paul 7 months ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 11,347,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZCc-StOrvU	Logan Paul - GOING BROKE (Antonio Brown Diss Track) by Logan Paul 7 months ago 3 minutes, 18 seconds 20,540,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpDrSKZFBSE	Found Super Rare $100,000 Amethyst Crystal by Logan Paul 7 months ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 9,069,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMH2saUxupk	FACE TO FACE WITH ANTONIO BROWN! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 4 minutes, 11 seconds 5,140,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9CBv6vD4zQ	I FOUGHT MY BROTHER’S FRIEND! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 6 minutes, 17 seconds 8,668,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoiVJQgy2Io	WE CAUGHT A MONSTER SHARK! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 7,113,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am7yuG-ePgU	CONFRONTING THE GIRL WHO SPIT ON ME! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 6 minutes, 17 seconds 6,950,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkbX7ylh6v4	THEY ALMOST KILLED ME! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 4,944,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOn9E0bphi4	I FINALLY CAUGHT THEM TOGETHER! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 9,656,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGzUvUSvGu0	Advice to My Little Brother. by Logan Paul 8 months ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 4,517,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7WTya1M284	I Survived a 72-Hour Military Combat School by Logan Paul 8 months ago 17 minutes 7,977,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThMCYT6sbHw	SURPRISING MY BEST FRIEND WITH HIS FAVORITE ACTRESS! by Logan Paul 8 months ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 22,063,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7TlnQq6XzI	congrats ksi by Logan Paul 9 months ago 20 minutes 5,429,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h24UFvlL8A0	i lost by Logan Paul 10 months ago 17 minutes 8,621,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l0JHVhJWIs	Countdown to KSI vs. Logan Paul 2 by Logan Paul Streamed 10 months ago 4 hours, 6 minutes 10,561,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SU9kHvHNg3w	My Final Message to KSI by Logan Paul 10 months ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 6,350,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJqXNIDxRzI	KSI vs. Logan Paul 2 Weigh In  [OFFICIAL LIVE STREAM] by Logan Paul Streamed 10 months ago 56 minutes 1,678,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFrji_3naVQ	HOW TO WATCH THE KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL 2 FIGHT by Logan Paul 10 months ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 2,468,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEXGO42anMo	KSI vs. Logan Paul 2 Final Press Conference [OFFICIAL LIVE STREAM] by Logan Paul Streamed 10 months ago 57 minutes 2,036,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6duoGUmeDsc	KSI and Logan Paul Reveal BIGGEST Mistakes: 40 Days | Ep. 3 by Logan Paul 11 months ago 16 minutes 3,077,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f66cUh1-ltk	THE MAVERICK | Official Boxing Documentary by Logan Paul 11 months ago 39 minutes 7,874,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iObg33h-hEI	40 Days: Logan Paul's Countdown to Fight Night by Logan Paul 11 months ago 16 minutes 5,983,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T33lstVGtYE	THE MAVERICK | Official Documentary Trailer by Logan Paul 11 months ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 1,646,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YOYgGa6Tao	KSI STOLE MY DOG by Logan Paul 11 months ago 26 minutes 5,671,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoXgfg2Ort8	KSI vs. Logan Paul 2 UK Press Conference (Official Live Stream) by Logan Paul Streamed 11 months ago 1 hour, 41 minutes 2,573,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NV4ws6mIkyY	KSI MADE ME CRY by Logan Paul 1 year ago 22 minutes 8,262,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywu8KBAucCo	KSI vs. Logan Paul 2 Press Conference [OFFICIAL LIVE STREAM] by Logan Paul Streamed 1 year ago 49 minutes 3,564,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl99AthvjRA	THE KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL REMATCH IS OFFICIALLY CONFIRMED! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 5 minutes, 33 seconds 4,817,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zSljKwq5SA	A Love Story. by Logan Paul 1 year ago 24 minutes 12,366,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knVM1U2nuQ4	THE CHALLENGER GAMES RUINED MY LIFE by Logan Paul 1 year ago 15 minutes 10,397,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn9GmPQYlg0	I'm out. by Logan Paul 1 year ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 5,990,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPvolxlPc6M	rip maverick by Logan Paul 1 year ago 20 minutes 12,741,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pbwq7BejMRI	THE CHALLENGER GAMES (Official Trailer) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 43 seconds 2,524,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlWVYxYgtpg	I Arrested a Convicted FELON (again) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 13,826,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDS7a6fif_c	Another one... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 3,705,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIAUfEDNMJQ	Inside the NEW $150,000 Maverick SPRINTER VAN! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 5,932,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xK_k5gNzzHY	Dear YouTube... who wants $100,000? by Logan Paul 1 year ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 4,850,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgCbcIcJkUI	We Arrested a VIOLENT Criminal by Logan Paul 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 8,006,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j2WtcneTTI	The reason I NO LONGER speak to my Dad... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 12 minutes, 1 second 7,963,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWATsFsbXgg	WE THREW THE WORLD’S BEST PARTY by Logan Paul 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 12,474,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMrzxuvZe8k	THE SLAP THAT CHANGED MY LIFE... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 21 minutes 20,720,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXgpYJf2EVg	I fell in love. by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 7,366,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjlQKu2TKUQ	BOXING A STRANGER WHO SHOWED UP AT MY HOUSE! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 16 minutes 25,170,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VvI_d01V6A	YOUTUBE JEOPARDY GAME! Tfue, James Charles, Cody Ko **losers get shocked** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 3,861,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Trx9SwvlLxg	people will do anything for money by Logan Paul 1 year ago 15 minutes 6,463,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G13vfqf_dME	I bought the World's Biggest Puppy by Logan Paul 1 year ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 17,244,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eFcwDnnGag	Transforming Myself Into My Dog by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 3,107,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYXybOtzk-0	MY PUPPY’S FIRST DATE! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 2,344,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6A5FLIHcPc	FAT THOR AND THE AVENGERS IN REAL LIFE! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 6,248,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CL6G-ycftM	PICKING UP GIRLS USING MY NEW PUPPY! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 4,080,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZDAllOpIvo	replacing kong... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 9,887,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy6QNO-5vnE	i miss you kong by Logan Paul 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 3,375,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMHl6Ayu-uk	i covered myself in peanut butter and went to a dog park by Logan Paul 1 year ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 3,312,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o-92SnAhbc	my favorite roommate gets a car by Logan Paul 1 year ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 4,444,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SOmK_gdAIw	he had 99 cents in his bank account... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 3,053,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEoS4jwKqVk	r u going to coachella? (song) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 6,859,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU2TKeb6lVo	rip kong by Logan Paul 1 year ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 17,336,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5GIOQeTnAc	we got robbed... (security footage) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 8,761,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruHcoiIyL3Y	KSI CATFISHED ME! **embarrassing** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 17 minutes 5,219,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZvX24oucNs	24 INSANE CHALLENGES FOR MY 24TH BIRTHDAY! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 17 minutes 1,972,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXODRvtlGdU	the end of maverick... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 4,089,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Y-fkiPIjfg	thinking about youtube... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 6,930,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EZXH2bm-aQ	How we made the FLAT EARTH documentary (bloopers & secrets) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 31 minutes 1,730,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpljiOgd9RQ	FLAT EARTH: To The Edge And Back (Official Movie) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 50 minutes 7,309,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft6FthsVWaY	THE MOST EMBARRASSING MOMENT OF MY LIFE - CHOCH TALES EP. 5 by Logan Paul 1 year ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 3,155,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmGc8J30Kso	THE FLAT EARTH: To The Edge And Back (OFFICIAL TRAILER) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 2 minutes, 22 seconds 2,113,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13ZL_Vo_2_g	i lost $25,000 in 25 minutes... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 2,795,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOGkeS4Jbkg	THE TIME I GOT CATFISHED - CHOCH TALES EP. 4 by Logan Paul 1 year ago 5 minutes, 34 seconds 2,877,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNEi2YGoWNI	BEST FRIENDS GET REAL JOBS! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 16 minutes 3,784,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLJnLxbuxOI	EXTREME GOAT YOGA! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 1,536,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-99B7TX8Bgo	MY FIRST FIGHT - CHOCH TALES EP. 3 by Logan Paul 1 year ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 4,211,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlEOS1MZQ_0	BEST FRIENDS BECOME BABYSITTERS! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 2,386,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY-jGedHMzE	i have holes in my brain... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 3,490,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwYj0ZHmimY	TWO GUYS SNEAK INTO MOVIES DISGUISED AS ONE TALL MAN! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 3,338,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhNnpLovMvM	THE TIME I JIZZED MY PANTS - CHOCH TALES EP. 2 by Logan Paul 1 year ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 2,487,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIHkx-_Ky4Q	DRIVING THE $400,000 DUCK TAPED TRUCK! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 1 second 2,974,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klfINRHomhg	NEW BEST FRIEND MEETS OLD BEST FRIEND! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 4,189,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DAbkAJzUcY	THE MAVERICK HOUSE TAKES IQ TESTS! **loser gets tattooed** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 9 minutes, 40 seconds 5,098,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivi4_fvU_28	WE THREW HIM A $100,000 VEGAS BIRTHDAY PARTY! **penthouse** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 9 minutes, 50 seconds 4,784,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AtmpbaCYCU	THE TRUTH ABOUT THE KSI REMATCH... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 3,056,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Enoj1B6ww9k	MY FIRST TIME MAKING OUT - CHOCH TALES EP. 1 by Logan Paul 1 year ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 3,481,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkHsZLo-Z40	BEST FRIENDS GO TO COURT! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 6,244,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4i0boWGeR0Y	WEARING LONG ACRYLIC NAILS FOR 24 HOURS! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes 4,332,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoLnLhsBVlQ	BEST FRIENDS GO ON A DOUBLE DATE! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 4,459,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVu4VNS6koo	YOUTUBERS EAT THE WORLD'S BIGGEST CHEESEBURGER! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 4,928,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnGe6Ey_lrw	THE JET SKI POOL JUMP! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 2,918,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXYD47LZ2eU	BEST FRIENDS! (Official Trailer) Logan Paul & Dwarf Mamba by Logan Paul 1 year ago 49 seconds 1,289,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVbg2Yjmzuo	MY FIRST TATTOO! **painful** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 6 minutes, 31 seconds 3,972,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak2fJu6WFGo	LOGAN PAUL - WHY 2018 WAS THE MOST IMPORTANT YEAR OF MY LIFE by Logan Paul 1 year ago 14 minutes, 49 seconds 10,706,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwuwdGHuLlg	CHALLENGING WILL SMITH TO GO BUNGEE JUMPING! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 3,025,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDCSckkXQlk	WE GOT AN STD TEST! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 7 minutes, 36 seconds 3,047,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAywfoqE9ok	HELLO PEWDIEPIE... THE LOGANG IS HERE by Logan Paul 1 year ago 4 minutes, 16 seconds 7,781,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_aGMh2CQSk	Reacting to Quadeca's KSI Diss Track (INSECURE) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 9,254,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-LJLHjTy6s	The Old Logan Paul... by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 4,803,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=915ZPqDae-Y	YOUTUBE JEOPARDY GAME PT. 2! **Losers Pay Cash** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 18 minutes 3,653,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3-_4NI7Tko	MY NEW $90,000 PODCAST (WITH A SEX EXPERT)! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 2,127,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OVF4cLa5Jg	PICKING UP GIRLS! (PIG VS. DOG) by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 2,045,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8ER5L0yqbA	YOUTUBE JEOPARDY GAME! **loser gets waxed** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 19 minutes 8,014,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HxIu1i17hs	LIVE ALLIGATOR PRANK ON NEW ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 6,320,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e9FhMVeEws	LOGAN PAUL VS. THE WORLD’S BIGGEST PUMPKIN! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 10,189,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2V9kPu4QLk	WE BOUGHT THE WORLD'S BIGGEST PUMPKIN! (AGAIN) **2,200 pounds** by Logan Paul 1 year ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 3,806,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GpC3pZQ8cY	MOM, I’M A MOVIE STAR! by Logan Paul 1 year ago 3 minutes, 38 seconds 2,328,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGoYFpHG0lg	THE THINNING: NEW WORLD ORDER by Logan Paul 1 year ago 1 hour, 29 minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOeHsQ7q3nw	THE THINNING: NEW WORLD ORDER - Official Trailer by Logan Paul 1 year ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 5,467,619 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFnrqjcHTps	DEAR SHANE DAWSON... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 6,993,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQuh9ZFKnOc	GIRLFRIEND POPS MY BACK CYST! **graphic** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 6,477,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3simedgzsY	THE $12,000 SNOW PLOW! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 4,310,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szxHGRarLE8	MINI PIG MEETS MINI DOG FOR THE FIRST TIME! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 4,220,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgMd3uDVaGo	WHY I BEAT KSI... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 18 minutes 7,420,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0No2ESjEn90	CHLOGAN'S FIRST DAUGHTER! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 5,914,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAFBQy9XnnE	WHY KSI DID NOT BEAT LOGAN PAUL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 6,443,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUq7xrEmrV0	ksi vs. logan paul... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 9,633,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBDqD1khl3o	THE OFFICIAL KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL WEIGH INS... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 4 minutes, 33 seconds 10,150,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMoqxsJVbk0	HOW TO WATCH THE KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL FIGHT by Logan Paul 2 years ago 3 minutes, 58 seconds 7,579,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_ebRk1AnbE	LOGAN PAUL - GOODBYE KSI (DISS TRACK) FEAT. KSI by Logan Paul 2 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 34,093,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYeKT_-SW08	DEAR KSI... (AGAIN) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 8,822,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPZ5LLppppY	DEAR KSI, HERE’S WHY I WALKED OFF STAGE... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 18 minutes 13,430,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-2iuDwxcUQ	I LEFT THE KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL PRESS CONFERENCE [HIGHLIGHTS] by Logan Paul 2 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 7,891,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_JEcLUsmC4	LOGAN PAUL READS MEAN TWEETS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 4,389,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkXwU761k_8	SHE TOOK ME HOME... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 8 minutes 6,400,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9voV2pYwEAo	WHY I HAVEN’T BEEN POSTING... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 20 minutes 5,933,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG73haDK4bs	LET’S TALK ABOUT THE KSI PRESS CONFERENCE... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 7,695,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of1KYsVs3u4	[FULL VIDEO] KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL PRESS CONFERENCE! **insanity** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 16,757,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th-hritXtdA	KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL PRESS CONFERENCE (OFFICIAL LIVE STREAM) by Logan Paul Streamed 2 years ago 1 hour, 47 minutes 5,170,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qdjna4Nh7DM	21 SAVAGE QUESTIONS WITH LOGAN PAUL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 3,931,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN8xm6xdgQs	MEET MY NEW SEXY NEIGHBORS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 4,179,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz8qOe0Plvw	PRETENDING TO BE JAKE PAUL FOR A DAY! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 5,086,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4sQe-evHyE	ASKING COLLEGE STUDENTS WHO WILL WIN THE KSI VS. LOGAN PAUL FIGHT! (disguised) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes 4,353,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=serIs70zQzQ	RELEASING MY $10,000 ALBINO TURTLE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 4,928,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz35qmOUFFo	HOT COUPLES YOGA CHALLENGE!!! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 5,635,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6BQgrWIVIM	REACTING TO JAKE PAUL’S FIGHT WITH WOLFIE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 4,647,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0utqwnvanzg	WE RESCUED A BABY DUCKLING! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 3,818,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o__VCTnsxGk	Moving forward... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 3,196,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WapBwuNtUzQ	THE END OF LOGAN PAUL VLOGS... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 6,925,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NprjXgs5IK8	MEET MY NEW ATTACK DOG! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 4,804,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxJA_T-e1f0	DISGUSTING ROTTEN FOOD DUMP AT THE TEAM 10 HOUSE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 4,467,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXtWHr7aWwU	THE TRUTH ABOUT VLOGGING... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 3,315,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qkfYrqoso0	JUMPING OUT OF A PLANE WITH NO CLOTHES ON! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 4,438,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZFdgYcA7Zk	I CAN’T BELIEVE I HAD TO DO THIS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 4,494,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0HPfklD7Vw	I STOLE JAKE PAUL'S NEW MERCH TRUCK! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 7,513,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFrNvg-dlM4	I'M THE BEST FORTNITE PLAYER ALIVE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 6 minutes, 55 seconds 5,933,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuGPIc8T7hI	REVEALING MY NEW FORTNITE GAME ROOM!! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 7,510,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HshW05cJDIU	THIS IS THE WORST VLOG EVER. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 3,938,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL4P4IglPt8	OUR LAST DAY IN YOSEMITE WAS A DISASTER. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 4,066,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqkVT2Qrjnc	WE HIKED UNDER A GIANT 1,000 FOOT WATERFALL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 18 minutes 4,020,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yapq4qE8Qj0	I GOT ATTACKED BY THE LOGANG! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 4,683,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1X2487bLyI	I’VE SURVIVED 23 YEARS OF LIFE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 4,026,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nENOG8-csss	We're leaving... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 4,040,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exA04A1UKr4	LOGAN PAUL REACTS TO KSI REACTING TO KIDS REACTING TO LOGAN PAUL VS. KSI! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 4,728,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txP5DtmFD0I	THE BEST PAIN I'VE EVER FELT! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 5,178,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JImxhu6Eyms	WHAT IT’S LIKE KISSING LOGAN PAUL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,226,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIQ2yVvXrkQ	LOGAN PAUL DOES FORTNITE IN REAL LIFE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 6,736,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoEudghsgY8	JUMPING THE COOL BUS ON A BMX BIKE! **dangerous** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 4,505,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viBhlksVPbU	MY SPECIAL TRAINING FOR THE KSI FIGHT... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 7,836,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMKGtAQ9qoE	OFF ROAD INNER TUBING IN A MUD SLIDE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 41 seconds 4,077,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDD9HEVMYL4	I WAS ALMOST CRUSHED BY A GIANT FALLING LADDER! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 4,886,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdTtYULlL6A	KSI RECEIVED HIS MAVERICK MERCH AND HE’S IN THE LOGANG! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 5,855,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeNgxYIPQHw	FALLING IN LOVE WITH MY ROOMMATE... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 3,717,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdp2gs5usaQ	WHY KSI AND DEJI ARE GOING TO LOSE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 34 seconds 13,044,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdxfGPOvPEc	WHAT THE HECK IS A FORTNITE?! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 9,212,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrIOMukyW7s	MASSIVE BALL PIT BOUNCE HOUSE IN MY BED ROOM!! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 5,058,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnok4O8q2fc	We lost a Logangster... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 8,361,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec0w6Ssd5QY	I'm a failure. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 4,463,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgPrteA0CXc	CONFRONTING KSI IN PERSON! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 37 seconds 12,704,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZh84gBQtvM	HAND DELIVERING MAVERICK MERCH TO KSI’S HOUSE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 5,184,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8I1f2dItxTs	REVEALING OUR DEEPEST SECRETS... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 4,486,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrdOKiBD1FE	Logan Paul - THE NUMBER SONG (Official Music Video) prod. by Franke by Logan Paul 2 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 37,537,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm0BsSl2uD4	THE NEW ROOMMATE HAS BEEN CHOSEN! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 4,887,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Do1M3mTYjL4	PICKING OUR NEW ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 4,665,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfhhFKkJ_ic	Saying Goodbye... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 7,048,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBwa7MPAzhI	AM I BOXING KSI?! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 9,269,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_HssY_Y9Qs	Moving forward... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 1 minute, 25 seconds 5,683,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F2kIwtN1h4	BROTHER JAKE‘S BELATED 21ST BIRTHDAY PRESENT! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 50 seconds 7,685,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx98B6m6W2w	HOW TO BE A YOUTUBER - BY LOGAN PAUL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 5,288,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TT_EXylwx2k	KONG CHOOSES A GIRLFRIEND! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 7,996,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOWZY_dx3FY	MY SECRET VALENTINE’S GIRLFRIEND! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 6,056,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIVwdgWVltw	EXTREME 1,000 FOOT HELICOPTER ROPE LADDER! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 5,022,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbFWBst6J9Q	MY NEXT MUSIC VIDEO! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 5,540,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRPY0fKFPrQ	MY RESPONSE TO KSI... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 8,193,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfIFvk6dDA0	EVAN’S CRAZY EPIC AMAZING 21ST BIRTHDAY PARTY SURPRISE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 9,439,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJSfIEzA-SY	THE NEW MAVERICK GYM!! (muscles) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 7,696,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWq0rQsLndY	I ARRESTED THE GUY WHO BROKE INTO MY HOUSE... IN MY HOUSE... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 11,828,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0RrsWK4GlY	THE DAY I SHOULD HAVE DIED... (Skydiving Accident) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 10,470,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo9TXbhO6r0	ASKING COLLEGE STUDENTS WHAT THEY THINK OF LOGAN PAUL! (in disguise) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 11,837,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh9-d8D-yEM	THE PAULS RESPOND TO THE CSI FIGHT! **called out** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 10,345,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5d-sQ7Fh5M	LOGAN PAUL IS BACK! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 18,595,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWjxSkJpxFU	Suicide: Be Here Tomorrow. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 30,795,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0	So Sorry. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 1 minute, 45 seconds 58,466,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVzU8kGFoJk	REAL LIFE POKÉMON GO IN TOKYO! (catching strangers) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 12,429,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGG1zlKClFQ	WE FOUGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF TOKYO! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 8,793,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCsVKbha2EU	KICKED OUT OF JAPAN! (i’m sorry) 🇯🇵 by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 13,267,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcFVfWuexFI	I’m Giving Away My YouTube Channel. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 1 second 10,020,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFscQfTdVAw	WE BUILT KONG A PRIVATE SMASH ROOM! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes 8,546,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8rAoxvzIJc	I BOUGHT MY DAD HIS DREAM TRUCK FOR CHRISTMAS! **emotional** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 8,476,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcs75MLhzsU	I GAVE MY MOM $10,000 CASH FOR CHRISTMAS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 1 second 6,599,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noJKc7-qfjc	KONG KILLED ANOTHER ANIMAL... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 11,492,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q98RCiVWz5U	MY DIVORCED PARENTS REACT TO MY 2017 BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE!! **emotional** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 6,911,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwP1zp4vOJU	LOGAN PAUL - WHY 2017 WAS THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 21,887,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3P9wQ5-cvs	THE NEW SMASH ROOM! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 6,816,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIp5Fww1dKI	JUMPING TWO SPEEDING LAMBORGHINIS BACK TO BACK! **don’t attempt** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 7,172,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Waf5MF-UUj0	PUPPY KONG'S FIRST BLIND DATE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 7,156,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9ZUuyDUUUY	RIP JAKE PAUL. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 7,179,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8PmGdzTR9I	RUINING MY FRIEND’S DATE TO DISNEY LAND! **kissing** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 4,452,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5VmUT4xPGY	THE DEADLY ONE CHIP CHALLENGE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 11,129,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eci0dCbW0H4	SURFING DOWN THE STREET ON A GIANT CHRISTMAS TREE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 5,232,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqZ893MgqUs	OUR GIANT MAVERICK CHRISTMAS TREE! **100,000 FEET** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 4,249,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjSkzlxoNEA	24-HOUR OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE IN THE CHRISTMAS COOL BUS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 7,318,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTdkxy_Jp5E	WE PUT 1,000,000 CHRISTMAS LIGHTS ON MY SCHOOL BUS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 6,518,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1g8d9uxB7Q	FISHING FOR MY DOG WITH DRONE BAIT!!! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 6,385,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khPLWaBioOs	Logan Paul - SANTA DISS TRACK (Official Music Video) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 2 minutes, 57 seconds 86,263,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZW6nP0ZKzo	WE THREW MY PREGNANT ASSISTANT A BABY SHOWER! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 6,194,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evlAgo9lMA0	GIANT INDOOR CHAIR SWING! **swingy** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 5,321,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz35K-T15ts	CATCHING A 100+ MPH PROJECTILE! **danger** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 6,874,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQc34LzQeZ8	OUR NEW BACKYARD! **stunning** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 17 minutes 6,414,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d45LN01pvU	WE GOT A NEW EXOTIC PET! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 7,383,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2aGG0UXjA8	MY FIRST FIST FIGHT! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 8,153,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8uNMGb030k	TEACHING MY PREGNANT ASSISTANT HOW TO GIVE BIRTH! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 5,558,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDySwLIFHvk	THE BRAND NEW MAVERICK MERCH STORE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 5,416,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFCfYCewHuA	REACTING TO JAKE PAUL’S NEW CHRISTMAS ALBUM! **he lied to you** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 6,368,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylazwobLaW0	24-HOUR OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE INSIDE AN IGLOO! **disaster** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 7,516,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1A6tAwycLc	LIVING INSIDE A HOMEMADE IGLOO! **snow fort** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 5,714,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fh48QPyL1A	WE BROUGHT $11,000 SNOW TO CALIFORNIA! **60,000 pounds** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 6,461,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXgA58T6tms	MY NEW $100,000 VLOG CAMERA! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 6,611,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eYDurq3P8Y	OUR HAIR IS GONE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 13,362,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwQbnUjf0Cw	MY ASSISTANT GOT PREGNANT IN MY HOUSE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 16,841,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMHv3gM0Tdk	MY NEXT DISS TRACK! **enemy** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 5,460,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Vynnd_xOZk	REACTING TO JAKE PAUL’S “EVERYDAY BRO REMIX!” by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 9,116,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJnMo6oxoQ4	THE DEATH OF LOGAN PAUL. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 11,732,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl1yRTFmru0	THE NEW RED MAVERICK CAR! **pranked by Jakey** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 6,430,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHUEJ7XPKqk	WE PAINTED MYSELF IN BROTHER JAKE’S TEAM 10 MANSION! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 9,527,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMpJ1vLS4lI	I’VE NEVER BEEN THIS SCARED. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 10,301,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ev5zRVD1Qh8	100-FOOT PUPPY ZIP LINE! **Rip Arya** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 7,194,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyBNya50z0M	Evan's dog died... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 21,091,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEzqoCslcWQ	DUDE... KONG RAN AWAY AGAIN!!! **Not Clickbait** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes 10,507,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ5_T1NZdoM	I CAME HOME TO THIS... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 17 minutes 12,640,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxHVn18M-us	MY NEW $3,000,000 WATCH! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 7,143,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5n0vLWAnt8	TRAPPED IN A CAGE WITH GIANT SHARKS OHMYGAWWWWDDDD! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 9,076,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls8leK4NQRc	HOW I BROKE A $1,500,000 MAVERICK BUGATTI SUPERCAR... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 9,439,577 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzCsM1vtn78	THE LOGANG MADE HISTORY. LOL. AGAIN. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 6,560,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIqqEJg4q7c	KISSING CONTEST WITH A MONKEY!!! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 6,280,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EM3rOr7Xqak	l TURNED A $21,000 FIRST CLASS AIRLINE BATHROOM INTO A MAVERICK MERCH SHOP! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 7,465,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH9DTExtz1s	HOW WE REALLY FEEL ABOUT JAKE PAUL... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 6,747,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wrj9HPpDI9w	EVAN'S HIGHWAY CAR ACCIDENT! **in my car** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 9,747,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hcy0Crf6Vw	Kong ran away. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 7,667,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FYWbq-bFgg	MEET OUR NEW HEAD OF SECURITY! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 7,829,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0f7xVTe_iM	I ALMOST KILLED JUANPA ZURITA & LELE PONS! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 28 seconds 13,537,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2rzgJeVZtg	IPHONE X STRENGTH TEST WITH WORLD’S STRONGEST MAN! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 17 minutes 11,268,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rronf-YUWoA	WE BROKE INTO BROTHER JAKE‘S NEW MANSION! **security alert** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 19,097,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJjBUTpcoSg	REVEALING OUR NEW PERSONAL GYM! **Insanity** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 6,461,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym0XhuvuimU	WE DROPPED 3,000 POUNDS OF DRY ICE IN MY NEW POOL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 10,851,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIs0MQ7-bL8	100-FOOT GIANT PUMPKIN DROP! **Explosion** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 5,122,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wbb_OE3uvYQ	WE MADE THE WORLD’S BIGGEST PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE! **World Record** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 7,189,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBFXKHq-CAc	100-FOOT CRANE STUNT IN MY NEW NEIGHBORHOOD! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 4,767,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHTKy3ATMbs	24 HOUR OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE INSIDE A GIANT PUMPKIN!!! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 8,224,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aQ5hM7i0w0	WE BOUGHT THE BIGGEST PUMPKIN IN CALIFORNIA! **2,000 POUNDS** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 8,483,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oc3_P8nS7Vo	ACTIVATING MY $10,000 SPEAKER SYSTEM! **I'm Deaf** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 16 minutes 8,064,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCDqcqH46R4	MY NEXT MUSIC VIDEO... (sexy) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 6,568,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIYX5Ns_ejQ	KONG IS DYING... by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 11,700,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhW3Gk30H68	WE GOT A NEW ROOMMATE IN THE MAVERICK HOUSE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 49 seconds 8,182,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKLmIg0BcXQ	EXCLUSIVE TOUR OF THE NEW MAVERICK HOUSE! **breathtaking** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 28 minutes 11,366,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvVXyOj9wl8	KONG MEETS A BABY TIGER! **Showdown** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 48 seconds 8,840,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3CwlJkLj1s	I JUST BOUGHT ME A HOUSE! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 35 seconds 6,517,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJVI44g6tMs	I SPENT $12,000 ON TWO BAGS OF CLOTHES NOOOOOOO by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 6,061,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tptdj3SF-B4	WE CAUGHT THE GUY PEEING ON THE COOL BUS! **video** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 8,324,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlfi3fu3goE	THIS IS A THREAT. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 5,266,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClgRddIo-d8	Two members of the Logang almost killed me. by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 9,650,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y5A4paFOb4	Logan Paul - Outta My Hair [Official Music Video] by Logan Paul 2 years ago 3 minutes, 37 seconds 75,937,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYo9E-GeToo	DWARF MAMBA GETS STUCK INSIDE A PUMPKIN! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 11,212,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra9UhfUUu9Y	I HAD TO GIVE AWAY EVAN'S PUPPY... (angry) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 18 minutes 5,295,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiYS6JEeZfk	WE GAVE KONG HIS FIRST HAIRCUT! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 23 seconds 6,007,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftFypr5fzIQ	WHAT DID SHE DO TO ME?! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 5,308,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv-sLD5XRds	KONG MEETS EVAN'S PUPPY FOR THE FIRST TIME! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 6,183,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfiZX8P64lw	I CAN'T HANDLE BROTHER JAKE PAUL! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 6,376,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAzE3eeThgQ	DWARF MAMBA DRIVES THE COOL BUS! **First Time** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 5,775,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_iAPXMETEI	EVAN'S DOG BROKE HER LEG! (sad) by Logan Paul 2 years ago 17 minutes 8,287,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFOeC0vxYBU	BELLA THORNE ATE CAKE OFF MY BODY! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 15 minutes 6,137,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDYtLuY_iGQ	MY MUSIC VIDEO WENT SEXUAL! **Gone Sexual** by Logan Paul 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 8,062,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7IJA2L2cB4	I'M SPENDING $110,000 DOLLARS ON MY MUSIC VIDEO! by Logan Paul 2 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 5,615,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHF2WligYMU	THE COOL BUS IS FINISHED! **national TV** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 11,506,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li7FfG7yvww	I'M ON JIMMY KIMMEL TONIGHT! (National Television) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 4,622,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5CWVhd1Zy4	I've never been this sick... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 5,279,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxmwNpB01r8	I GOT THE YETI BACK! **Upgraded** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 7,048,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q66ygrfjFas	THE NEWEST MEMBER OF THE FAMILY! **Puppy Alert** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 8,470,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWRdL9CKEug	I GOT ARRESTED BY ITALIAN POLICE! **NOT CLICKBAIT** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 7,895,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTFywvaIFZs	I KISSED JAKE PAUL'S EX-GIRLFRIEND! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 10,377,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpzUP4NyCqE	I CAN'T BELIEVE WE ATE THIS... **RAW** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 7,270,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnyiAofuHaE	OUR $400,000 DISASTER... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 9,340,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6UYPX7AM94	HOW TO GET DEPORTED FROM ITALY! (Jake's Fault) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 10,080,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNtYrPPN9mU	I FLEW TO ITALY TO SURPRISE MY BROTHER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 9,930,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1W5pGV8WUI4	I'm not hurting my dog. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 5,241,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RopFvVQfDd0	I JUST LOST MY DREAM HOUSE... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 5,921,161 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH37gw7Vk30	LOGAN PAUL REACTS TO MEAN COMMENTS! **brutal** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 5,327,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaoFj6XBfEA	GLASS SLIDE 1,000 FEET IN THE SKY! *terrifying* by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 8,393,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRSBknGGX34	WE GOT OUR STD RESULTS BACK... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 28 seconds 6,132,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw94pkygpeE	I GAVE DWARF MAMBA HIS DIAMOND GRILLZ! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 7,037,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuwM8Hv7NXk	I BOUGHT MYSELF $10,000 CUSTOM DIAMOND GRILLZ! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 12,356,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsocHME7dk8	"IT" CREEPY CLOWN SCARE PRANK! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 11,106,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTppdegwlBk	WE GOT CHECKED FOR STDs!!! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 5,374,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCNF6RguZuM	I hate hurting my dog :( by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,422,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpVt6Z1Gjjo	1 YEAR OF VLOGGING -- HOW LOGAN PAUL CHANGED YOUTUBE FOREVER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 8,921,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4x6r-ymjNB4	WE'RE GETTING ANOTHER PUPPY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 7,166,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF5GcsqK-vA	Bad news... Not getting the house. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 5,583,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFrar_Fsm-Q	IT'S FINALLY HERE... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 7,907,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIZptx8tX6E	MY NEW $20,000 NECKLACE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 5,864,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfchVA2JU0E	APOLLO MEETS KONG FOR THE FIRST TIME! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 18,300,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWMHB90CAOM	CONFRONTING STORE OWNERS SELLING FAKE MAVERICK MERCH! **hostile** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 15,954,548 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kdpr_uOSkLA	THE WORLD WASN'T MADE FOR HIM... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 10,921,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37J7iHpimIU	WHAT HAPPENED TO MY DOG?! **exposed** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 9,373,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ_Z549v7HE	WE GOT A NEW PET! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 8,808,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hrb1Ct2_Xvw	THE TRUTH ABOUT MY COLORBLINDNESS... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 8,024,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdZOz6goHo8	I lost everything... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 6,439,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhsbGIOqE8k	I WAS INSIDE A TORNADO! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 8,382,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hk0KK-wT68A	No Vlog Today... (Maybe) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 2 minutes, 48 seconds 5,813,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hqYULelvsU	THE LOGAN PAUL YOU KNOW IS LEAVING... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 6,314,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfMlis-xbmo	RICEGUM AND BANKS KIDNAPPED MY ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 11,765,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKXGSpxyoL0	CONFRONTING RICEGUM AT HIS HOUSE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 9,058,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITjssj4IWQ4	LOGAN PAUL VS. RICEGUM by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 7,214,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIwyWVsd8rE	DWARF MAMBA'S FIRST TIME DRIVING! (100+ mph) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 7,301,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4TW_Cqvnj0	I betrayed my brother. THE TRUTH ABOUT THE LAMBORGHINI. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 7,787,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBTwef_bep8	BRING IT ON RICEGUM! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 8,628,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcL0nCaq6SE	I HATE MY DOG. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 6,238,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHUbn8H4XTw	THE BEST 2017 SOLAR ECLIPSE REACTION! (insane) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 7,042,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UJ4wwvT_q4	I SPENT $14,000 TO MAKE HISTORY. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 9,436,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osJJJ7d_9GY	I JUST WANT TO BE A GOOD EXAMPLE. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 6,932,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ielKnJiHqXk	The truth... (Banks VS. Brother Jake) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 23 minutes 10,113,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9xSpyq0nf8	I BOUGHT MY ROOMMATE A $20,000 ROLEX! (surprise) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 14,342,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPY3AY62hQw	LOL WE DID IT AGAIN... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 7,860,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_joIxSo5yow	I REPLACED MY FAMILY! (sorry not sorry Jake) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 7,081,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WALQlVgT7d0	MY ROOMMATE WENT MISSING! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 18,395,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h-SZ1E9YxE	THEY CLOWNED ME ON LIVE NATIONAL TELEVISION! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 7,574,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG5mULqVVFk	HOW I HIT 10,000,000 SUBSCRIBERS IN 340 DAYS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 8,902,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQqxpdP2R8I	DEADLY WHAT'S IN THE BOX CHALLENGE! **Live Animals** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 15,668,321 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTmwnf9Zx_Q	LIGHTING MY BROTHER'S BACKYARD ON FIRE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 6,840,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiAUDLBzVCk	IT GOT AGGRESSIVE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 5,937,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_vcSNxLhjE	WE SAVED KONG'S LIFE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 8,818,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUCg-8eJSZo	JAKE, WHAT IS THE "THIRD VERSE" ?? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 8,024,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvmLOvAOtjg	THE THIRD VERSE DOES NOT EXIST! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 8,794,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0uASXVj8wg	I TRAVELED 2,500 MILES TO SURPRISE MY ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 14,566,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU8gW1Ii8SE	I GOT EVICTED AND I'M MOVING IN WITH JAKE?! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 12,100,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RxH8wnGQr8	MY NEW ASSISTANT IS EVEN SHORTER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 17,391,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HG1kYJ6igeU	THEY GOT IT... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 9,518,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7fWWn-m5Es	OUR NEW MAVERICK ICE CREAM-MERCH-TRUCK! (pranked) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 7,566,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbhZ876upUk	Jake, you're being a b*tch. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 8,862,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZNEMyB9_rA	SHE REMOVED HIS PRIVATES WITHOUT TELLING ME! **not clickbait** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 14,327,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTDoWzhipmY	MEET THE LADY WHO HIT MY $300,000 TRUCK! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 12,120,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV4p7wQ8mSw	HELD HOSTAGE FOR THE THIRD VERSE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 10,850,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcelGFRdzPs	I GAVE A FAN HIS FIRST TATTOO! (permanent) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 5,206,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0emeLlS1qAU	SHOOTING MY DOG OUT OF THE MERCH CANNON! **PRANK** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 8,841,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCTXNAT6PYM	MY NEW ASSISTANT BROUGHT THE LOGANG TO MY HOUSE! (bad) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 8,649,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaxdzq8P170	I SET MY ROOMMATE UP ON A BLIND DATE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 15,488,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hFryHsTED0	REACTING TO MY BROTHER JAKE'S SPLIT WITH DISNEY... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 10,924,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Met6-QhILm8	SHE ACTUALLY LOST MY DOG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 15,808,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4b7M2asBbQ	Our relationship... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 12,924,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6QhLeaHSYg	I'M GOING ON THE ELLEN SHOW! (we met) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,943,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Dwy0y5OWaU	LOGAN PAUL REACTS TO THE JAKE PAUL HATE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 8,939,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RakOl8QrJEU	YES, ANOTHER SONG!! *gone sexual* by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 5,606,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yP4yr_mdI4I	I BOUGHT IT. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 6,552,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8ZQwqjkviU	REAL LIFE TEDDY BEAR SCARE PRANK! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 7,761,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iV5KaswKgcA	JAKE REACTS TO OUR SECOND VERSE PERFORMANCE! (pissed) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 7,368,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIoczvXDxLk	WE PERFORMED THE SECOND VERSE LIVE!!! *sorry jake* by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 14,214,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMW1MgDJuQ0	THE DAY HAS FINALLY COME... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 5,358,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KB2C2mCxq-0	BACK TO WAR! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 7,251,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bivp5ZuLhpM	I GOT MY BROTHER HIS DREAM TRUCK!!! *apology* by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 14,088,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxMCAPi5FAE	REACTING TO JAKE AND I's OLD YOUTUBE VIDEOS! **cringe** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 7,369,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0J-kejBAtM	THE MOST SAVAGE GIRL ON THE INTERNET! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 6,909,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeCytho8wq4	FULL SONG: The Fall Of Jake Paul (Official Video) FEAT. Why Don't We by Logan Paul 3 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 263,109,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ3YK2X-b38	Logan Paul -THE SECOND VERSE by Logan Paul 3 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 20,469,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnURN6jaSXc	RICEGUM ROASTED ME AND JAKE RELEASED THE SECOND VERSE!? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 8,039,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHSAQLzNLAw	HOW I LOST $10,000 DOLLARS IN TWO HOURS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 6,673,480 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht2xvdVpDeg	JAKE YOU HAVE 48 HOURS OR IM RELEASING THE SECOND VERSE by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 8,397,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u67lapirxOc	I DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 10,419,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MAlhm_hONA	SHOOTING FIREWORKS AT MY BROTHER AND HIS WIFE! (Honeymoon Prank) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 8,529,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crUfLMSzjJI	WE MESSED UP. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 5,795,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCNXCFm6toU	HAWAII IS BETTER NAKED by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 6,107,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkMw8qCCTZM	$100,000 DREAM VACATION! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 20,060,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onm7U6lz0kA	WE MADE ANOTHER SONG. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 5,606,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOVDLDX-KJI	LIVE BIRD PRANK ON MY CASTMATES! **freakout** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 4,760,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUter01LcLM	HAND DELIVERING MAVERICK MERCH TO FANS! (speechless) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 3,606,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sdon4RPf8Mk	OUR FIRST FIGHT AS ROOMMATES! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 8,681,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBq0WgFhX-M	I KIDNAPPED MY BROTHER'S WIFE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 17,222,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvyoJG3QAA0	MY DOG GOT HURT! **prank** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 9,268,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dv3aZb1zxqc	CHOKED AND TACKLED AT VIDCON! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 7,690,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUH29M_HISA	GIRL VS. DWARF BUBBLE BALL FIGHT! **aggressive** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 6,927,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyvvpzIvb4Q	DATING LOGAN PAUL by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 3,917,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNgSs-1TGKI	PEWDIEPIE ROASTED ME... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 10,242,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoDcYxwK1VU	Logan Paul - HERO (Official Music Video) Feat. Zircon by Logan Paul 3 years ago 4 minutes, 4 seconds 69,552,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx9IJ3RhiFE	ANOTHER MUSIC VIDEO. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 5,580,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZY7y2E7mZE	I FLEW A FAN TO L.A. AND WE'RE MAKING A SONG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 9,642,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTFcqjO35Qc	COME AT ME PEWDIEPIE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 6,958,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tou2BQZtm6E	TINY 4'11" GIRL FIGHTS DWARF! **painful** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 8,506,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHpwmYsfpk0	BEST FRIENDS REACT TO OLD VINES TOGETHER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 18,589,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TmCvvThx2w	I sold my dog... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 10,636,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4pePXFhFbk	YOU decide if he's my roommate. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 5,090,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLfn_n1Eqjw	MY FIRST INTERNET DATE EVER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,225,346 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3zKcEwYOwg	The truth comes out... (hosted by Danielle Bregoli) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 11,187,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DAf42rY5Ss	The Rise Of The Pauls (Official Music Video) feat. Jake Paul #TheSecondVerse by Logan Paul 3 years ago 2 minutes, 42 seconds 74,549,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBU6n4cwkhc	The Second Verse Was Leaked... [EXPLAINED] by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 11,141,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPE1OVqZlb0	INSANE. BLINDFOLDED. FOOT. KNIFE. THROW. VS. MY. FACE. (almost died) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 4,049,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Skbtr-JMqNs	IT GOT SEXUAL! **gone sexual** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 3,793,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7xYWJMVM1c	HE HIT 1,000,000 FOLLOWERS IN ONE MONTH! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 8,010,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKkHAIEjv2s	REACTING TO PEWDIEPIE & RICEGUM'S ROASTS ON MY BROTHER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 17,679,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeD3n4XaCl0	THE SECOND VERSE IS OUT... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 8,710,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic2QTyREUYQ	I made a promise... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 21 minutes 7,542,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPg6DApioBo	REACTING TO THE UNRELEASED SECOND VERSE! (Diss Track) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 7,823,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9xOJkhEfmQ	The Fall Of Jake Paul Feat. Why Don't We (Official Video) #TheSecondVerse by Logan Paul 3 years ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 80,439,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTafLnbAVxU	RIP Little Brother... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 9,046,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06uICplaQY4	REACTING TO JAKE PAUL'S DISS TRACK AGAINST ME! (I used his full name cuz I'll get more views) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 11,918,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNjlmQinMhs	THIRD DEGREE BURNS (graphic) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 5,996,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9wGilMZFZY	REACTING TO JAKE PAUL'S NEW SONG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 10,494,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icPhEwZUGug	EXTREME BALCONY BIKE RAMP! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 5,412,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n100j8gqNA	TEACHING KONG TO SWIM! **Gone Sexual** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 20,882,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2qgVeceF5Q	FLYING MY DOG WITH GIANT HELIUM BALLOONS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 5,798,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEB6DYZxmq0	I'm giving YOU $5,000. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,094,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FUPtKZq6EQ	CAUGHT A GUY TRYING TO STEAL MY BUS! (raw) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 23,262,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKAZw9jAnvE	100,000 PLASTIC BALLS IN MY SCHOOL BUS! (driving) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 18,992,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtblX3TvpmI	SCHOOL BUS 24 HR OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE! (w/ my divorced parents) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 7,907,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJSLjSjffu4	WE PEED ON MY BROTHER'S BED! **REVENGE PRANK WARS** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 7,778,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg1wXZpiebA	I DID IT AGAIN ON NATIONAL TELEVISION! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 8,298,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur3GdcF0_ZY	MY BEST FRIEND PASSED OUT IN VEGAS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 5,428,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiKD_CFvseA	JAKE PAUL'S ANGER PROBLEMS EXPOSED! (violent) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 7,522,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90Fq2kPspvU	WHO'S THE BETTER PARENT?! (divorced rivalry) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 5,354,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbenwL2ZuWY	WE BROKE INTO JAKE PAUL'S HOUSE! **Prank Wars** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 7,103,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1gmRtn9pmc	HELD HOSTAGE. **emotional, not clickbait** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 22 minutes 8,578,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KQUBsBgFSU	MAVERICK VS. KONG! (first meeting) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 8,094,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Nc1u8Kh6IM	THIS LADY TRIED TO TAKE MY DOG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 23,840,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmvfZgONZCo	it's over. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 2,094,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fVTVrAtCeQ	THEY ALMOST KILLED MY DOG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 2,933,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BqbVqZXJ-s	GUESS WHO'S BACK... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 2,137,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXqh6_b8bU0	I GOT THEM TO MY ROOM! (Puppy Bait) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 3,357,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaSriDJinEo	I CAN'T KEEP HIM... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 8,896,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpcN2mu2rTM	PICKING UP GIRLS WITH MY NEW PUPPY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 4,578,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2pa1KEfz4g	I JUST BOUGHT A PUPPY! **not clickbait** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 10,920,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pi3hGj_Gms	LOL I GOT ARRESTED by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 4,968,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2CXKVaCVEI	My mother's addiction. (she needs help) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,220,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEGHM1tlOlk	WE COULDN'T RESIST... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 4,823,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0O69RoAmsw	UNRELEASED FOOTAGE! (I'm alive) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 1,754,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp6uQxlZiHo	REACTING TO MYSELF BEFORE I WAS FAMOUS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 6,483,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCqOxvee7VM	Stopping the Vlogs... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 2,214,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8h_ZbcMZ-M	STREAKING AT MILLIONAIRE'S MANSION! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,635,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-5nJNWcq0o	MY NEW CAR! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,694,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwqs-NExhAQ	SHE SAID YES! (Feat. Shay Mitchell & Why Don't We) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 8,253,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzW5GamIB9M	DID I WIN SHAY MITCHELL'S HEART?! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 7,285,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rwvVwb-BNI	THE MOST AWKWARD DAY OF MY LIFE. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 2,594,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHViF9p-i-U	I COMPETED... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,224,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INsbD3D00dc	GUESS WHAT SHOW I'M ON... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 3,278,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvEsyMB9kFI	TSA SEARCH GOES WAY TOO FAR! (inappropriate) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 21 minutes 7,352,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=matgLm_mkLY	THE HARDEST THING I'VE EVER DONE (dangerous) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 3,861,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oyk4EfHY9v4	THIS VLOG SHOULDN'T HAVE MADE IT. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 2,514,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f__xZ8mfJW4	THE ADVENTURE BEGINS... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 1,948,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXKNkdjccbY	OFFICIALLY A TEAM. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 3,224,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSbIJHCW0v4	HEY JAKE I HOPE YOU LIKE MY FACE **ULTIMATE PRANK WARS** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 15,393,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrxlYyO7IjA	MY NEW ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 3,713,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7JRkWg4VCk	CHANGE IS HARD. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 2,386,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXS2aV52bok	STREAKING A PUBLIC BEACH! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 2,316,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYOt5ocA1jo	IT'S OVER... (explained) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 4,464,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0oY84Fn_9Y	Finally saying goodbye. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,162,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsx0fOcCYtc	I LOST MY ROOMMATE... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 2,396,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S58-cPmYlbc	I ALWAYS LOSE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 1,880,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1geGC0wcTk	I'M BACK... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 2,362,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezF4KbORffI	MY NEW TOY! (expensive) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 3,029,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHgEFiPxEW0	I'M LOSING MY MIND! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 1,947,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3oyqhFe2no	YOU'RE BUILDING MY 2018 LAMBORGHINI. GO. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 3,518,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpFZS6QjAAA	WHAT DID WE JUST MAKE... (Feat. Why Don't We) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 5,184,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f2dJ2fFBb0	I'M CHANGING CAREERS. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 4,445,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE6tOwSeiGY	THEY CAUGHT US... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 5,066,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XFGhux97s4	I NEED YOUR HELP! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 4,675,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvwaJgt776c	DOES IT STING? **PAINFUL** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 5,701,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIlweF3xGA8	GUESS WHAT WE BOUGHT FOR MY BIRTHDAY... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 5,741,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdWQxQ4xScg	My last day as a 21 year old... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 2,145,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-mXqEcgkcA	YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT I DID TO MY BIRD... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 4,139,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F4waKb3h0Q	A NASTY FALL! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 3,709,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tuf0449vos	FILLED MY BROTHER'S TRUCK WITH 1,000,000 LEGOS! **Prank Wars** #LoganVSJake by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 7,457,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AazeSWzqxI8	$1,000,000 IF YOU CAN EXPLAIN THIS. (Finger-Lift Challenge) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 3,885,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlujroOAacs	HE WASN'T HAPPY ABOUT THIS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 2,533,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVDFBIf0KRs	TURNED MY BROTHER'S POOL INTO SLIME! **PRANK WARS** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 28,454,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-QwdbmkeyU	WE MADE A SONG! (Feat. Desiigner) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 3,386,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aakp1izpm3o	WE SHOULDN'T HAVE TRIED THIS! (Feat. Sofie Dossi) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 4,867,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43goKPr9c4M	THE SECRET TO GETTING ANY GIRL! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 4,211,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYgzODJh8CM	LOOKS LIKE I'M MOVING! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 4,845,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgL0Rh9O3V8	very bad news. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 4,162,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIHhzhoAff0	SENDING GIFTS TO STRANGERS ON A ZIP LINE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 2,853,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR612K8W7l0	I SNUCK ON SET! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 17,903,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AM0ns6CYoM	HUMAN FLAGPOLE CHALLENGE! (muscle test) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 4,891,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSc6MOEvR28	PROOF MAGIC IS REAL! (Video evidence) Feat. Daniel Fernandez by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 6,233,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOBmmJfC7Dc	I TOOK A SOCCER BALL TO THE... (worst pain ever) Feat. F2 Freestylers! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 9,984,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iR0JyNhiAuQ	COOKING CANDY METH WITH MASTER CHIEF! (Breaking Bad Style) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 3,973,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvoV5tmWRFo	DRAG RACING MY BROTHER FOR $10,000! (Who Will Win?!) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 4,935,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwKmJHGjGIU	REPLACED MY BROTHER'S CLOSET WITH 1,000 PAIRS OF SOCKS! **PRANK WARS** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 12,310,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQuIA0sR2i4	FISHING FOR PEOPLE OFF MY BALCONY! (**Money Bait**) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 9,703,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMlC3kVQj98	WHAT'S IN THE BOX CHALLENGE! (Feat. My Mom) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 2,578,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlhd-7anlgI	CRAZY GUY FLIPPED OVER MY MOM! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 1,840,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhvdFQZULRM	I LET MY MOM SHAVE MY FACE! (Bad Idea) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,225,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CS08CTv7THI	THE EASIEST WAY TO PICK UP GIRLS! (Feat. Why Don't We) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 6,178,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34SYOqTJVrI	READING YOUR INAPPROPRIATE COMMENTS! (**sexual alert**) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,920,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlHvq9oSIBM	HOW DOES THIS HAPPEN?! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 3,566,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2Yf1jUw1po	HE'S GIVING ME HIS CAR IF... ? (need your help!) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 22 minutes 5,181,817 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTzbd3zntIM	ADOPT A BABY CHALLENGE! (Adult Test) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 14,884,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3Rzw5Lx5ns	TRY NOT TO LAUGH CHALLENGE! (Good Luck!) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 12,875,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wllGE6pMZA	CAN HE KEEP UP WITH ME?! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 2,592,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRUTIwWYUxA	IT GOT STUCK IN HIS EYE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 4,630,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf54-4qr88U	WILL IT EXPLODE?! (Liquid Nitrogen TEST) Feat. Crazy Russian Hacker by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 5,221,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbldFVxPFOs	I'M OFFICIALLY A FAN GIRL... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,475,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzpCECKOPRQ	THIS IS JUST CRUEL... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 3,379,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8mvNfg2i5E	RAP MY LIFE CHALLENGE WITH WORLD'S BEST BEATBOXER! (Feat. Kenny Urban) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 2,586,192 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90ZvlLJVAcQ	CAN YOU EAT THAT?! (Challenge) Feat. Cole & Sav by Logan Paul 3 years ago 24 minutes 13,670,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zvVWpf_FzQ	COUPLES GELLI BAFF BATH CHALLENGE! (Feat. Teala Dunn) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 21 minutes 20,568,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6O7qQQieW0A	THE CHUBBY BUNNY CHALLENGE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 2,090,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t0NnJH7i4Q	I'M GETTING THERE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 21 minutes 2,657,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zkb6_9pWdas	THIS SHOULDN'T BE POSSIBLE! (Feat. Sofie Dossi) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 35,155,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ez4M0q3e-n4	IRON MAN POWERS IN REAL LIFE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 3,021,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVbgPRJcggM	WE MADE JAM OUT OF OREOS! (Feat. Danielle Bregoli "Cash Me Ousside") by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 41,076,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZEBhm0vWYw	REACTING TO MY OLD VINES! **cringe warning** by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 11,529,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7L5z30yV5s	WE ESCAPED AN AVALANCHE! (Raw Footage) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 21 minutes 4,283,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9eRxQpkT5M	VALENTINE'S DAY - GIVING PIZZAS TO THE HOMELESS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 6,685,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CW_TCkho5Q	I FOUND MY VALENTINE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,737,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur33Qx4XxDc	MY BEST FRIENDS FOUGHT EACHOTHER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 26 minutes 3,220,708 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8E4sCu6lWc	WE MADE JAM OUT OF PRINGLES! (*Jam Challenge*) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 3,402,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAFWCGJRqvE	I HATE MY ROOMMATE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 1,977,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5HM-aB6G9s	MY NEW FAVORITE OUTFIT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,231,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7fe_V1myCY	THIS CUP NEVER SPILLS! (IMPOSSIBLE CHALLENGE) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 13,130,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsHpSVOk-LE	ALL MY HAIR IS GONE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 8,859,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4NF4KC_g5A	$6000 SUPERBOWL SEATS! WE WITNESSED HISTORY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 5,353,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2rfAG-W8Jo	WE DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO PAY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 6,526,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4LDwwW2ReM	WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 1,099,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ebzxrR4SVo	REAL GHOST CAUGHT ON CAMERA! *Not Clickbait* by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 3,162,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vf8DnekLwm4	WE'RE MAKING A MOVIE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 1,619,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUzSyzUpl28	HE COULDN'T BELIEVE IT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 1,793,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdmlIkzmPIE	THEY TRIED TO KILL ME! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 1,756,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPZeTzjIXD4	I OFFICIALLY MARRIED A COUPLE IN VEGAS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 2,266,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfZe4m-QaiU	RACING FERRARIS AT A BACHELOR PARTY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 2,116,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c33QJB0HF_4	CRAZY FLEXIBLE GIRL SHOOTS ARROW AT MY FACE WITH HER FEET! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 6,766,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnQoG2gYh2A	WHAT HAPPENED TO MY CAR?! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,403,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdVfnEBgMT8	SOMEONE DRONED ME A GIFT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 6,030,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxzgbQy4LSE	OLYMPIC TRAINING WITH MY BROTHER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 2,818,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6beudO5d2nw	STUCK IN A BILLIONAIRE'S HOUSE! (snow day) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 5,719,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVcFjKgmzXo	STRANDED IN A BLIZZARD! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,657,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2kWnm63Vtk	SHE WIPED OUT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 1,617,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwlYKJg0ShQ	OUR $25 MILLION DOLLAR HOUSE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 5,839,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODdFZTnl7V4	DESTROYING MY FIRST GOLD YOUTUBE PLAY BUTTON! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 2,565,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrvN3zCbOow	HOW I GOT KISSED BY A MOM! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 956,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KolJxXXN1s	GUESS WHERE I AM... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 1,279,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lfq8FFbwfs	A FAN MADE ME CRY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 3,011,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sziq17YxQcU	PAINT MY PET CHALLENGE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 1,783,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLOqJX_dF8c	A FOUR PERSON KISS!?!? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 11,525,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEZSuR7pTgA	I PUT A HOLE IN MY ROOMMATES WALL! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 10,119,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoawBHOUwGI	I BURNT MY ROOMMATE'S EYEBROW OFF WITH A FLAMETHROWER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 7,240,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XXLc5hd3P8	DWARF ATTACHED TO 12-FOOT PAPER AIRPLANE! (will it fly!?) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 11,802,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnmEX6mpSHE	SECRET SERVICE ARREST MY BROTHER PRANK! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 25,146,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWhaVKZBOcE	DWARF GETS CRUSHED BY GIANT TEDDY BEARS! (Feat. Dwarf Mamba) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 5,724,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue-yK2_NJho	WORKING OUT WITH A DWARF! (Feat. Dwarf Mamba) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 2,614,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0sY6_xBdSE	WHAT'S AT THE TOP OF THE EIFFEL TOWER!? (we climbed it!) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 4,932,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cVcdTXzq5M	I DID THIS ON LIVE TV!? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 1,923,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab87x71aJtE	I CRASHED A FRENCH TV SHOW! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 1,373,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=temrc8qgh6I	SMUGGLING A DWARF TO PARIS IN A SUITCASE! (and it worked) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 15,303,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0SSfkj-fRE	WE HAVE A VISITOR... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 2,540,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGGFauFzspo	GUESS WHERE I'M GOING... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,180,834 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iw9vS_4Z39U	STARTING MY TRAINING FOR THE 2020 OLYMPICS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 1,567,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5LuEy7z9fQ	New Years Resolution - The hardest thing I've ever done. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,949,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRzsiaVJKLQ	EXPERIMENT Glowing 1000 degree SAW VS. DRONE by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,761,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpfzb_Z1qMY	WHY DID I DO THIS!? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,064,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuJbrRv9LIk	KILLER CLOWN INVADES OUR HOME! (security footage) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 19,521,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVYGEhpC7og	FANS FOUND OUT WHERE I LIVE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 1,348,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkmOesANBuk	KIDNAPPING GIRLS IN AN RV! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 3,684,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNlTH0q8zJc	ATV SLEDDING IN THE STREET! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 3,408,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2vsKGaB_qI	CHRISTMAS PRANK WAR BROTHER VS. BROTHER! (w/ Jake Paul) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 8,175,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98Z79XuVu9A	WE FLIPPED A LIMOUSINE WITH ME INSIDE! (w/ Roman Atwood) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 4,609,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvTs2-gnv8A	GETTING MY WISDOM TEETH REMOVED! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 23 minutes 14,425,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AllP2NJmhE	$60,000 CHRISTMAS GIFT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 2,775,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p389CghU2ZA	MAKING MY FIRST SONG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 2,023,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnpvT9jJ5IE	WHY 2016 WAS THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE. by Logan Paul 3 years ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 10,859,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clKcICiWKOo	MY EMBARRASSING PAST... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,258,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYKPMzcBJ1s	I WITNESSED A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,391,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuLMq5bcIxw	OREO HAS A CEREAL!? (Super Rare!) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,900,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFrAIZEvhWI	FLYING A PLANE IS HARD! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 1,317,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hw2-QlI-w28	STAR WARS ROGUE ONE PAINTBALL! (Stormtrooper Edition) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 1,285,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6FbDzQko98	I WRESTLED A BEAR! (Raw Footage) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 9 minutes, 57 seconds 4,158,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaTV_n1t3uA	HOW TO BURN DOWN YOUR HOTEL! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 1,137,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPYkL1t6sPs	I GOT PUNCHED! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 7,464,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcmXbu0oCY	I SPENT $400 ON DINNER IN NEW YORK! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 1,089,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vikKJ1yuug8	HE'S MOVING IN! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 1,174,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lge69eB6ERk	WINTER IGLOO MADE FROM 200 BLOCKS OF ICE! (Ft. The Dudesons) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 1,807,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCNst0FX6IE	WHY IS EVERYTHING SO FAKE!? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 921,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I7Em62Wm00	I GOT CATFISHED! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 1,754,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9FS-fp-Yk4	DECORATING THE MOST SAVAGE CHRISTMAS TREE OF 2016! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 1,386,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQIIVz0Cb90	CRASHED MY MOTORCYCLE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 35 seconds 1,312,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Tlfs5vhCaA	SAVING LOGAN PAUL - 1,000,000 SUBSCRIBERS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 3,223,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SnLdLVRjb4	STOLE MY BROTHER'S GIRLFRIEND! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 30,038,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fuit3Mxp1e4	THEY SHUT OFF OUR WATER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 1,366,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19wR79Y29-k	CAN'T HANDLE THESE SURPRISES! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 2,277,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFdkKAYFzKI	THE MOST RELATABLE DAY EVER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 3,688,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TiITQDPClI	THESE GLASSES CURED MY COLORBLINDNESS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 29,608,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnv5Bg5-1Dc	MY TWO NAUGHTY ELVES! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes 896,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FM2XRAsJj94	INCREDIBLE SCIENCE EXPERIMENT - (Elephant Toothpaste: it actually worked!) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 4,241,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrHya5rTKUg	WORKING OUT WITH A FAN! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 4,321,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaRudJoNP3M	MY NEW VLOGGING PARTNER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 2,248,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB8-kt3BV7Y	SON SURPRISES DAD ON THANKSGIVING! (Real Reaction) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 3,389,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsn1UrKMRLw	Unbelievable... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 756,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up7sxfNCL8Q	THEY BROKE INTO MY APARTMENT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 3,407,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZRo_5Hj-Xc	I CAN'T BELIEVE IT... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 2,325,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2szbE_FwaM	I CAN'T BELIEVE WHO LIVED HERE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 1,604,792 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLBf2D4MyHs	I RISKED MY LIFE FOR THIS VIDEO! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 4,010,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw4saVFTmOg	OUR FIRST DATE! (w/ Amanda Cerny) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 7,253,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmNdp8xtqdc	I SHOULD NOT HAVE DONE THIS ALONE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 675,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIqxAzZ1UvE	SNUCK MY BIRD ONTO THE PLANE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 7,678,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4UFEFL4dOo	THINGS GOT WILD ;) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 12,334,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6rhrMk9fdw	THEY LOST THE BET! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 1,661,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9Tw0FdTOYA	EXORCIST ESCAPE ROOM! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 3,266,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbg-DoASRlI	YOU NEED TO TRY THIS!!! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,805,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1-pxoNV470	BEST DATE EVER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 1,093,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuysK4BrNi8	WHAT HAPPENED TO STARBUCKS GIRL!? (Facetime) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 19 minutes 2,497,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy9uvp6nsW8	ELECTION 2016 - I CAN'T BELIEVE WE DID THIS! (Feat. Amanda Cerny) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 7,923,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFlGc4zasLU	I COULD HAVE KILLED THEM! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 2,378,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42g5WMrPdnk	CRAZY SCIENCE EXPERIMENT GONE WRONG! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,748,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OTuhiDdxtM	HE SHOULD BE ARRESTED! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 16 minutes 7,244,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sces3bWwnpc	EXTREME ALLERGIC REACTION! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 3,584,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJnlZHEph4o	100,000 LEGOS SCARE PRANK! (Feat. Amanda Cerny) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 2,149,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOvnP7ua4Ac	LIT MY BROTHER'S BACKYARD ON FIRE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 6,673,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd97UTIKMow	$2000 HALLOWEEN COSTUME!!! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 17 minutes 2,904,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qgG2bmGR7o	FOUND A KANGAROO ON THE BEACH! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 2,332,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef1MbrLppuE	PROM DATE REVEALED by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 421,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_1yy1tVEXc	RELIVING MY HIGH SCHOOL PROM! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 1,455,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOmWF94c_Gc	VINERS REACT TO VINE SHUTTING DOWN! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 3,261,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wptluwcph80	INSANE SLINGSHOT CHALLENGE! (Feat. Travis Pastrana & Roman Atwood) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 2,080,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=124RCBkzwt0	JURASSIC PARK IN REAL LIFE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 1,219,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7RCWo6_jBo	WE MADE A BABY!? (Feat. Teala Dunn) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 12,491,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCW6mhcR45A	MY BOY HOOKED UP WITH MY MOM!!! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 2,703,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wP3SndDgL10	MY LONG LOST BROTHERS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 647,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubqIduXBb_w	MY MOM FOUGHT A KILLER CLOWN! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 15 minutes 3,114,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7iSZgrjQLc	I FOUND THE KILLER CLOWNS HEADQUARTERS! (feat. Juanpa Zurita) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 6,076,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igAvvwi_mW4	I'M A SAVAGE ON THE PLANE! (feat. Juanpa Zurita) by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 4,950,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOfzrGnW4kg	SPOKE AT HARVARD AFTER MICHAEL PHELPS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 622,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koLpKtAwvSY	I ALMOST BLACKED OUT! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 8,201,098 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sN0rir70ypA	THIS IS NOT A FUN CHALLENGE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 1,242,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE5hfCuv6IY	SENIOR PHOTOS ARE THE WORST! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 3,355,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ-RnjSxWPE	LET'S MAKE A FAMILY! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 1,251,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vz7zLwbVRY	I GOT MY OWN BILLBOARD! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 715,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4Bu0eraxB8	200 POUND ALLIGATOR-SNAPPING TURTLE! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 31 minutes 6,205,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zrt8RkNgwTs	THE WEIRDEST DAY EVER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 20 minutes 1,770,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQQLGhGEKko	SPACESHIP MADE OF RAZORS!? by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 727,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUAfl-h5fkc	A death in the family... by Logan Paul 3 years ago 18 minutes 2,248,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-rzPWn2YPU	VLOGGING PEOPLE AT COMIC CON! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 1,466,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymMttBo8hrw	I'M ONE OF THE KILLER CLOWNS?! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 495,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoBBDmrwpHQ	THE MOST ANNOYING NOISE IN THE WORLD! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,528,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TYi6ZxfLoI	HOVERBOARDS ARE DANGEROUS! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 674,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI5z6c2JbrQ	I'M A LOSER! by Logan Paul 3 years ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 2,584,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fxMANxYOjk	HOW TO WORK OUT UNDERWATER! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 1,516,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wylERzBsFQ4	I FOUGHT WITH KEVIN HART! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 6,074,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv6AlelJFxA	ILLEGALLY CLIMBED TO THE HIGHEST POINT IN HAWAII! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 887,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzO1FHBp0k0	BIGGEST RAINBOW EVER! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 1,079,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgWx51OcOWg	I GOT A SEX CHANGE?! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 1,320,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93ILuCi36h8	FRONT ROW AT THE DRAKE CONCERT! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 1,299,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJtTarv6iLI	MARSHMALLOW CHALLENGE IN NEW YORK! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 567,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1XdjnuhxR8	VLOGGING IS HARD!!! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 550,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojrx6DQfA3k	THE PAUL BOYS IN SAN FRANCISCO! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 12 minutes 1,446,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zNFLMAKeM4	I LEFT MY BAGS ON THE PLANE! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 715,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X63pkwkg1o	THE DATE + IPHONE 7 GIVEAWAY WINNERS! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 16 minutes 1,267,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XJgGzqykHs	GOT HER NUMBER WITHOUT TALKING! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 3,105,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAhptSrxxlg	I DESTROYED MY CAMERA!!! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 600,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOP6eCoB32U	I'M SO SCREWED! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 714,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fu0Ur3R0Pk	TRAPPED FOR FOUR HOURS! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 654,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EekS-F82H8	SUNDAY FUNDAY! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 2,641,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3hSdxsbWsI	SHE SHAVED MY LEGS! (Feat. Amanda Cerny) by Logan Paul 4 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 2,309,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PD7GFB4Y2Bc	HUGE IPHONE 7 GIVEAWAY!!! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 1,149,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz4a4u46x00	A FIGHT TO THE DEATH! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 664,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9ueIySWbRk	GET OFF OF MY FACE! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 749,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oV8jCpyaZe8	THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY BED! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 2,817,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzPdTL8XTHM	BURNING MAN IS INSANE! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 1,810,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbQIqfZvj_Y	MY FIRST VLOG - THE ROAD TO BURNING MAN! by Logan Paul 4 years ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 5,335,420 views
