https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdRD0soHrIE	크림까르보나라불닭과 순살파닭 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 6 hours ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 87,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6f2gXVZiUUI	싱싱한 육회사시미와 육회초밥, 불초밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 day ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 192,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcp1AWAgzco	Hongeo-samhap Muckbang~!! REAL SOUND ASMR by 떵개떵 2 days ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 175,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwQqbDslzEU	Lotteria Chicken Bucket(Extra Chicken Drumsticks) & Side dish~!! REAL SOUND ASMR by 떵개떵 3 days ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 335,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHALImAcvQg	Green fruit, green jello, and green ice cream mukbang!! 🍏🍈 🌿🍀 Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 4 days ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 280,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkUNwoyX70Q	Shinjeon cream tteokboki and assorted fries including fried shrimp and fried squid meokbang ASMR by 떵개떵 5 days ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 314,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVMZb6glM7s	시골에서 쌀떡과 밀떡을 다 넣은 떡볶이 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 5 days ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 252,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evASU5Obj2s	Tenderly steamed oxtail and Japchae mukbang~!! Authentic sound ASMR by 떵개떵 6 days ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 246,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xq8kA6qmzbo	Today is croquette special! Different kinds of croquette mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 week ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 226,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIED2SF-fLE	Anseongtangmyeon, Kimbab, and well-riped radish kimchi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 week ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 375,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xm8bwLio_d0	Salty and sweet! Gold King, Cheese Ball, and French Fries Mukbang!The real ASMR sounds by 떵개떵 1 week ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 417,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5G38una03dg	집에서 쟁반짜장과 탕수육, 총각김치 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 week ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 346,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXByMgrnLp4	Bubble tea, crepe cake, waffle mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 week ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 477,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCd99wFYJWs	Spicy kimchi, spicy raw crabs, ramen, and ham Mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 week ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 294,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En3Aahsqwe0	Ddeonggae's favorite ice cream cookie eating show!real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 week ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 429,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCX2JdlAwgE	아궁이뚜껑에 끓인 라면 맛은 어떨까?! 고소한 참깨라면 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 week ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 386,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJkTwYPPd94	oiled pork and rice. Braised Spicy Chicken with Kimchi. Eating show! ASMR by 떵개떵 1 week ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 703,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf9Hj9A2RKI	Mukbang of fruits jelly that is colorfully and has many flavors~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 410,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7YyjtmEmQA	Mozzarella Cheese and sausages and buldakbokeumtangmyeon Mukbang!!REAL SOUND ASMR by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 557,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Oi9XMvKUBw	Jjajang and three fried shrimp mukbang!!Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 385,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReOaYWWBivM	고기 먹고싶은날! 빅사이즈 토마호크 고기 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 211,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrTGTh-XU0I	Spicy Makchang Spaghetti and MyungLang Hotdog(Corndog) Mukbang! ASMR social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 362,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txGh764jXfk	when you are craving for something spicy! Bul-dac(crazy spicy chicken sauced) fried noodles by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 605,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHzMKQXLzRg	Various & Colorful Ice Cream Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 218,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4a-r67e6gsA	Mukbang of egg-filled Soy Sauce Marinated Crab, the best side dish for rice~!!Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 730,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBDi-ZgaFjo	집에서 뿌링클닭다리와,허니콤보,레드콤보 여러가지 사이드메뉴 먹방~!!  ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 weeks ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 203,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSmEZrrHB98	Rainbow Cake and Crepe Cake Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 289,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1hThFNBukg	Seasonal gizzard sashimi Muckbang with excellent savory taste~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 297,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBEgtrzCRHw	소세지가 땡겨서 모든 소세지 쓸어왔습니다! 소세지 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 13 minutes, 1 second 494,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU7o5OWkME0	Tasty and colorful cherryplum mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 362,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoLA_8WQW2Y	이기면 햄버거 지면 감자튀김만! 형제 리얼사운드 먹방~!!  ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 189,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWQGjyvL18U	1kg of cheese bomb pizza and Jamaican chicken leg mukbang~!! real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 15 minutes 607,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0XY_TE0ks8	Filled with mozzarella cheese! Cheese pork cutlet mukbang~!! Realsound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 14 minutes, 23 seconds 528,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxmZ1avz1a4	Korean Convenience Store Dessert Special Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 297,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uD5EaKdfbgE	Eating grilled pork belly and rich flavor Jin Jjamppong ~!! by 떵개떵 3 weeks ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 586,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYoOcyxHVZ0	(한글자막있음) 훈제향이 끝내주는 훈제삼겹살과 짜파게티 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 4 weeks ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 337,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zwtvze10HA	(한글자막있음) 맘스터치 싸이버거와 치즈볼 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 4 weeks ago 16 minutes 469,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57LZX6-FnFk	Chocolate ice cream eating video on the day you need a sweetness charge! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 month ago 14 minutes, 48 seconds 370,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMBDcv84Gus	Korean fire noodles and lamb skewers Mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 month ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 283,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbduxu1NjhY	무더운 날 미나리 삼겹살 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 month ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 197,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCgYSroXz_o	Tteokbokki, Gimbap, Cheese Stick Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 month ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 361,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xB86if7R90	A match made in heaven! Spicy Jjolmyeon and golden crispy pork belly mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 month ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 241,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj4c7x83N3E	불닭까르보나라와 짜파게티 컵라면, 계란 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 month ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 190,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=908Q6Y-eFWM	Myungrang Hotdog & Beef Brisket Tteokbokki Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 1 month ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 418,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8rJhoESQu8	안녕하세요 떵개떵입니다 by 떵개떵 Streamed 1 month ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 1,362,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA7djL30GNI	Golden Olive Drumstick, Half-Half Chicken, Jamaican Bburinkle Sauce Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 1 month ago 17 minutes 1,105,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcQA_xG8Z28	Jumbo Shrimp Grilled in Salt & Butter~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 1 month ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 366,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61JBWCQOlZ4	Yupdduk Tteokbokki, Bulgogi Whopper & Burger Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 1 month ago 16 minutes 375,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFSFMTFW4L0	Big Shopping Day at MINISTOP! Huge Convenient Store Food Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 2 months ago 15 minutes 418,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX0f266FRAQ	Plum, Pineapple, Watermelon, Peach, 10 Fruits Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 2 months ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 392,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6WeG98nSrk	Beef-bone Soup Ramen with Dumplings & Ponytail Radish Kimchi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social by 떵개떵 2 months ago 14 minutes, 23 seconds 260,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfppuIDqi_E	Grandmother’s Bossam Wrapped in Garlic Rice Cake~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 21 minutes 491,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPHPK4wnFFU	Pikachu Pork Cutler, Frankfurter, Tofu Rice Ball, Ramen Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 2 months ago 14 minutes, 58 seconds 444,954 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VOS2RLKwRY	Korean Army Stew & Bibimbap Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 2 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 194,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KE0lzDkxhU	BHC Fried Chicken, Sausage & Rice Cake, Bburinkle Cheese Ball Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social by 떵개떵 2 months ago 22 minutes 382,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OglgwQX2Bs	Various Egg Drop Sandwiches with Avocado, Salted Pollack Roe, Bacon, Cheese Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 2 months ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 381,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OL-o15_fRPk	Black Bean Noodles with lots of Fried Eggs Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 479,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvdbMaFfGGc	"오늘밤은 이거다!" 리얼사운드 모음27편 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 453,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7IwVnMMDJE	A Combination That Can't Be Tasty! Buldak Noodles (Fire Chicken Noodles) and Jamaican Chicken  ~!! by 떵개떵 2 months ago 15 minutes 544,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfbQRwUelAY	New Product: Checks Chocolate Green Onion Flavored Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 309,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ynsgTZzWv4	Golden Shrimp Pizza, Oven Cheese Spaghetti, Home Salad from Mr. Pizza Mukbang~!! ASMR by 떵개떵 2 months ago 16 minutes 287,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u08JDTwZooY	Lamb Skewers & Cold Beer Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 15 minutes 353,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6hiomzMOPk	Cold Ramen For Hot Summer Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 333,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzHwfAWD3DY	Beef Brisket Malatang with Extra Flat Glass Noodles & Fen Hao Zi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 2 months ago 17 minutes 345,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FsnhksobCY	Sweet Honey Combo and Churros Eating Show (Real sound ASMR social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 22 minutes 352,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j55iCkZ8r1g	Tuna Sushi, Salmon Sushi, Flatfish Sushi and various sushi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR social eating by 떵개떵 2 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 493,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r43CYFoRLPU	Pho, Spicy Pho, Bun Cha, Stir-fried Seafood Rice Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 219,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL-G7A0j4tQ	Chapagetti, Tteokbokki, Gimmari-fries Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 15 minutes 434,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJn-KnDUKbg	Chapagetti, Tteokbokki, Gimmari-fries Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 11 minutes 330,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWmiOINE_yE	Grilled Abalone with Butter Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 590,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52SyMlyMQtM	Jogurt, Melon, Shine Muscat Shaved Ice Dessert & Melon Whipped Cream Cake Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 2 months ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 666,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Z5MZWa1p5c	정말 감사드립니다! 구독자 400만명 기념 Q&A, 먹방~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 months ago 31 minutes 437,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrVvKXVTgrQ	Hot Instant Yukgaejang Ramyun and well fermented leek kimchi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR social by 떵개떵 2 months ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 603,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOw2SPmbA4Y	Crispy & Juicy Pork Belly Chunk Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 2,075,321 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOQ2H2ua2-Q	BHCMatchoking & Chibap Mukbang ~ !! Real Sound ASMR social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 months ago 18 minutes 445,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY6jklrOcPc	Spicy steamed stir-fried seafood and tobiko rice balls mukbang ~ !! Real Sound ASMR social eating by 떵개떵 2 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 160,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxPOIr8ikGs	Chocolate Ice Cream & Stick Cheese Cake Mukang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 months ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 408,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2Mdwjvv5ro	Extra Spicy Pig Trotter & Fire Noodles Mukang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 months ago 15 minutes 425,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJwT7ZT046Q	Spicy Webfoot Octopus, Pork Belly & Perilla Leaves Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 184,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2HlweBe7Ic	Summer Food Kong-guksu Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 196,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoEaafpjKxc	Extra Onion Chicken Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 18 minutes 374,137 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stQ7FUCj6iE	5Kg Jumbo King Crab, Stir-fried Rice, Cup Noodle Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 16 minutes 749,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVPuMkW-BSw	Craving Spicy Food Day! Fire Devil Ramen & Extra Hot Kimchi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social by 떵개떵 3 months ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 1,998,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZNXMd8Tgww	Chewy Tuna Jelly Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 409,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwXixheEqtw	Cheesy Sinjeon Tteokbokki & Cup Rice Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 407,513 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urVLt1Qk0H0	KFC Egg Tarts Till I Can’t Anymore! Mukbang Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 424,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkksOv3r9Ag	Spicy Marinated Crab & Rice Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 658,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfcIgeR6S4s	JinJinJjaRa, Jamaican Drumstick, Cucumber Kimchi Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 504,955 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78aXFBhxVYs	Corn Cheese and Smoked Whole Pork Belly Mukang~!! Real sound ASMR social eating Mukbang (Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 months ago 18 minutes 334,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXnih8Wiw4Q	Chewy grilled beef tripe and beef heart mukbang~!! Real sound ASMR social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 605,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krRpyohkVAU	Frankfurter, Jumbo Sausage, Kielbasa Sausage Special Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 months ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 2,510,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUJVT-ITQpc	Braised Spicy Chicken with Glass Noodle Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 18 minutes 457,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEqdfnfvrfs	Crispy Solo Chicken from Lotteria Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 22 minutes 581,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtEP07_02I4	Jumbo Korean Cold Noodle Soup Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 344,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VG3wkc0NEns	Kyochon Honey Combo VS Bburinkle Drumstick. Who’s Your Winner?! Real Sound Mukbang ASMR Social by 떵개떵 3 months ago 22 minutes 434,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SZWR0ahCCs	Tteokbokki, Gimbap, Fries, Korean Street Food Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 19 minutes 355,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mGrCvxWUpM	Rice Thief Soy Sauce Shrimp & Red Banded Lobster Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 15 minutes 324,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KqWbnDqD3M	Trio of Pork Belly, Kimchi & Cheese Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 months ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 559,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxPxBYKlxrI	Chapagetti with Soft-boiled Egg & Ham Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 231,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ol12mn5Qk-4	Yupdduk Cheesy Tteokbokki & Pelicana Roaspin Chicken Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 months ago 17 minutes 539,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVSA9mpiLKk	HOT Trend beaded pudding Mukbang~!! Realsound ASMR social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 months ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 706,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uN2v7rd6VTA	ldak Sauce Octopus, King Tiger Shrimp & Mushroom Mukbang~!! Buldak Sauce Shrimp Real Sound ASMR by 떵개떵 3 months ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 1,431,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jdQ2JrSEtg	Hamburger, Crispy Cheese Ball & Bburinkle Hotdog Mukbang~!! Real Sound Hamburger Cheese Ball ASMR by 떵개떵 3 months ago 15 minutes 374,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brErB3ZzLGI	Craving Spicy Soup Day ‘Heat Ramen’ Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 820,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76pkyTmLtro	Seedless Delaware Grapes Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Delaware Grapes Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 1,939,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGlKd2XDhI8	King Kielbasa Sausage Mukbang~!! Real Sound ASMR Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 months ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 820,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cx8zDP7Bzks	Sugar Charge Chocolate Mukbang~!! Chocolate Ice Cream ASMR Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 650,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJRKtcj08us	Mukbang of raw flatfish, raw salmon, and cold raw fish soup~!! Real sound sashimi, salmon, social by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 267,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIbXHfG1HNI	New Fire Carbonara Chicken & Side Dishes Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes 320,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6lCE73jXGI	Buldak soup noodle and Buldak Carbonara (Mozzarella cheese) have met. Carbonara Buldak soup noodle by 떵개떵 4 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 460,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wkiciktv-J8	Spicy Boneless Chicken Feet & Rice Ball Mukbang~!! Real Sound Spicy chicken feet social eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 729,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqwhfPynmUw	Full Meat & Veggie Taco & Burrito Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 227,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMFs25YYWuQ	Crispy Fried Chicken, Sweet Honey & Cheese Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 482,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gctsiRn4kCY	Refreshing Apple-watermelon, Black Watermelon & Korean Jelly Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 362,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poZuaPDYN3I	Marinated crab isn’t the only rice stealer! Stir-fried Kimchi-Tuna, Salted Pollack-Roe, Spam Rice ~! by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 409,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC6RvKPNojM	Simply Jajangmyeon Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 4 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 749,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kistqqi7gCA	Drumstick with Secret Seasoning Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 809,548 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25qtIL5eO4U	Bburinkle Sauce on Salmon?! Mukbang Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 495,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6G4V_0LRyR8	Fire Noodles, Daechang, Gopchang & Seasoned Chives Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 286,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdH9JLRLy8w	리얼사운드 모음 27편!!  역대 리얼사운드 조회수 TOP10 모음 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 4 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 689,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LK4E8Bbhu6I	Mukbang of a full 4kg giant lobster~!! Real sound of social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 4 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,053,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8ZmymJgrNM	Myungrang DoubleDouble Cheese Hotdog & Yupdduk (with Broad Glass Noodle) Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 383,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAP4qHO9vZo	Raw Pork Belly Bibimbap, Bibimmyeon, Seaweed Soup, Spam and Fried Egg Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 570,044 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0H48eMFj1w	Who requested this?! Sea Hare & Ramen Porridge Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 490,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJmMZOviQy4	Sweet Tooth Day Milk Chocolate Cake & Tico Ice Cream Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 709,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N32U31yLtm8	Heat Ramen, Pork Belly Gimbap, Pork Cutlet Gimbap, Egg Gimbap, Beef Bulgogi Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 436,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SW-DG5X1SGA	Toowoomba Pasta, Garlic Sirloin Steak, Baby Back Rip Outback Steakhouse Special Mukbang~!! Real by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 403,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBZzWzQbj-w	Meaty Giant King Crab, King Crab Ramen & Bibimbap Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 693,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL2gS3eZ3Ac	Stretchy~ Cheese Stick & Cheese Ball Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 908,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCcczntfQPg	Pelicana Low Spin Hot Devil Chicken & Fire Noodle Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 515,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJgq51gj4b0	형제간의 먹방대결!? (feat.쭈꾸미) 명륜진사갈비 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 4 months ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 612,308 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1iF1GLaxOQ	Spicy Big Plate Jjamppong & Chewy Tangsuyuk Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 4 months ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 277,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbYMpKSdQd8	Who can dislike this combination! Gimbap Heaven Pork Cutlet, Jjolmyeon, Gimbap, Rabokki Set Menu~!! by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 422,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udbyBCnG1Z8	Chunky Bossam, Cooling Mak-guksu, Cabbage Kimchi, Green Onion Kimchi & Dried Daikon Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 977,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-5d_uobrfU	Sweet Honey Combo Chicken & Yupdduck Tteokbokki with Extra Cheese Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 576,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqMRnTtWjCA	Big size Roofie drumsticks and challenge for hot and spicy chicken noodles Mulbang! by 떵개떵 4 months ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 498,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIAelMG676Q	Black sugar bubble tea that the chewing texture is great Mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 5 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,122,760 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtY5S6APIDA	4 bowls of spicy Jjambbong and chili shrimp Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 329,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3xM7g5DqPk	Sweet Tooth Day Twosome Cheesecake, Ice Box, Macaroon Dessert Special Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 645,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbR2XLvCslE	Jamaican Drumstick, Tteok-Ramen, Cheese Tonkatsu, Gimbap Convenient Store Food Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 5 months ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 480,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JX-dUUjyAGg	Chapaguri Cup Noodle & Convenient Store Steak Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 295,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aw4mFXX6yTg	Sinjeon Tteokbokki, Fried Sweet Potato, Fried Chili, Chicken Skewer, Various Korean Street Food by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 560,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qz9Dw4uoahY	Braided Spicy Seafood with various seafoods & Bibimbap Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 405,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8z4Nc47x0BU	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 26편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 285,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BMMIO1JqwA	Melting in mouth salmon, tuna, gray mullet, sea squirt, and spoon worm Mukbang~!! Real social by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 501,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq6tBwZ0hgY	4 kinds of BBQ newly released menu Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 348,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnjKHjs7KIk	Full of eggs, thief of rice, soy sauced crab Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 1,250,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDrX1EtQkwk	Little strawberry, kumquat, pudding Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang. by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 371,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3xievAUvMY	Spicy little octopus, webfoot octopus, and noodle Mukbang~! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 634,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GZLzTuqwdY	Ottogi Curry Noodle, Gimbap and Kimchi Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 316,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHkVvksVj_E	Kyochon new menu Sinhwa chicken, cheese ball, and wedge potato Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 342,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlcb-zck9cE	Mukbang~!! Seasonal cuttlefish sashimi with a chewy texture. Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 639,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhxvxCK2tFY	Kimchi, rolled omelet, seasoned radish, cockle and etc. Home cooked meal special~!! by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 200,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBj5yVjkXVI	Filled egg drop, Subway, Burger King Mukbang! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 648,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOLqEYQvmkU	Grilled Cheese, Smoked Pork Belly, and Kielbasa Sausage Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 724,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgYmmnpbz7c	Healthy watercress and thick pork belly, ramyun mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 624,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiWlhFw7iT8	Colorful and juicy Korean Jellies Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 445,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YsC3P6XPwE	Spicy Buldak Jjapagetti, & Snowing spicy chicken Mukbang~!! Real Sound by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 606,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLl8SOdY-5Y	Spicy Buckwheat noodles, Cold Buckwheat noodles, Meat Pancakes and Fried Tofu Rice Balls Mukbang~ by 떵개떵 5 months ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 220,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exkXNxBdAUk	Spicy Seafood Stew with Chinese glass noodles added! And a Giant King Lobster filled with meat ~!! by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,156,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHsneDEnhic	Spicy beef ramen and well-ripen Kimchi Mukbang~!! Real sound social by 떵개떵 5 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 654,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyX35QfHAaY	Chewy Giant Octopus and Octopus Jelly Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 5 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 257,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i6ni2a6AFg	Bburinkle drumstick, long time since the last time I ate, and side dishes such as cheese ball, honey by 떵개떵 5 months ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 730,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbYd7-WgMZo	Trying Grapes, Watermelon, Melon, Pineapple, Green Grapes and many other fruits~!! by 떵개떵 5 months ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 481,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps1vQ3rWuAg	Noodle Soup with Clams, Bossamand King-sized Dumplings Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 303,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV7WrXNRd7c	Tender Salmon Noodle and Salmon Roe Mukbang~!! REAL SOUND Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 1,297,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3c17Xpx2lI	Jamaica drumstick, vampire chicken, and spicy Chapagetti Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 643,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNtivTIq5Ao	Chewy Planet Gummy Jelly and Chocolate Ice Cream Mukbang~!! REAL SOUND Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 354,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIaZku7ZnSc	Fresh raw meat, salmon, beef sashimi, and raw little octopus Mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 346,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywMseXCule4	Strawberry Tanghulu and S'mores Dip Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 460,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dKxKKo_O9I	Chewy Jokbal (pig's trotters) with Bibim-guksu (spicy noodles) mukbang~!! Real sound social by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 724,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbineFMMUcE	Plate Jjajang meets Yeopgi Jjajang Ddokbokki~!! Social eating mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 294,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAp0VKrvpjY	Crispy original fried chicken Mukbang~~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 510,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0Lj69dCrnE	Strawberry Flavored Ice Cream, Green Tea Flavored Ice Cream, and Different Kinds of Chocolate ~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 480,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obv-YvU-bgM	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음25편 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 6 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 338,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTiSup6kwS4	4 bowls of Black Bean noodles with red pepper powder sprinkled on top with Sweet and sour pork, by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 384,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt5qNnjkCK8	Cheese Pizza, Thigh Burger, Myeongryang Corndog, and Sweet and Sour Chicken Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 528,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hmnEfQlHQE	Unique combination of Carbonara, soy sauced crab, and spicy crab  Mukbang~!! Real sound social by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 263,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORO5oXl8v84	Good to have these when you want to have some spiciness! spicy level Yupdduk with Tumsae Ramyun~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 283,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhSJ9CowNro	Mukbang for Beef Sashimi, raw beef bubimbap, Samgyup sal, Soybean paste soup with beef brisket by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 285,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdEuoDzf87Q	4kg Great King Crab and Black-tiger Shrimp Mukbang~!! REAL SOUND Social Eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 1,329,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JTuhk0Wb9c	Cheese pork cutlet that has cheese that stretches all the way, Chapagetti, Spam, Bulgogi, and by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 447,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEV5mYGBcIo	Mukbang with Gold Olive Drumstick, Kyochon Honey Combo and Beer ~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 495,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRgITm9VOSA	Various Convenience store food Mukbang like Ramen, triangular Gimbap, Chicken Skewers, etc. ~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 1,306,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0k3TpTVR-I	Various ice cream, such as chocolate ice cream, glutinous rice cake ice cream Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 1,239,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0PbLPFIZcQ	Jamaica drumstick, Shinjeon Ddeokbboki, Buldak fried noodle, fried stuff, Shinjeon Kimbob, ~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 967,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w918HLVVVM	레몬챌린지 by 떵개떵 6 months ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 225,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOppBN2Cvro	Apple pie, raspberry cream cheese pie, and ice cream Mukbnang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 569,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyjojZFXgso	For those who love bread, a bread themed mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang. by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 739,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myFCY0rbpOk	Curry, Shrimp Tempura, Pork Cutlets, Kimchi, and Fried Eggs Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 307,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VKduhSmBlI	Buldak Carbonara, Spam, and pickle Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 440,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tzfncZvQII	치밥으로  먹으면 끝내주는 지코바 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 474,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH_7TtT2ZxQ	Teriyaki intestine with white snow flakes cheese on top Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 304,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlG_uPv_4mk	Healthy food, such as Sapphire Grapes, Bell Peppers, Lettuce, Green Grapes, and Banana Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 6 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 943,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymj6hx6sZ60	Oily flatfish fin sushi and buckwheat noodles Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 6 months ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 256,044 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zum6QnWAPcQ	Spicy whole rib that the spiciness is the best Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 457,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MVz9w375sw	Twinkies Snowballs and Strawberry flavored Jetty Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 1,599,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adhbVa8hsWI	Budae jjigae (military stew) with Ramen noodles and mini Gimbap Mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 7 months ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 639,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZG5znnWf_4	Krispy Kreme Donuts and Brown Sugar Bubble Tea Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 1,577,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAjFw-f9lNs	A bowl of rice gone in a snap! Soy sauce crab and soy sauce shrimp mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 1,509,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVPnfci0ulM	Jin Jjajang and Chapaghetti, Vienna sausages, and Kielbasa sausages Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 1,047,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzOUAa1q9N0	Fresh squid sashimi and grilled abalone mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 275,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AAQoWLhIF8	New menu Buldak (Fire) Chicken, Fire noodles, and Spam mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 874,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16FXf4AT0cY	Strawberry tanghulu (candied fruits), green grape tanghulu, orange tanghulu, and different kinds of by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 1,305,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQ0QE7WiKIU	Crunchy double cooked pork slices, mala shrimp, and rice with eggs Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 230,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1UOIjXZKgo	Yeopgi Tteokbokki with Chinese glass noodles and boneless chicken mukbang~!! Real sound social by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 1,476,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUgV-qGBFMA	Space Jelly, Marshmallows, and Ice Cream! All the desserts at home summoned for mukbang~ by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 863,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MN4YoV4od9s	Today is going to be a cheese red braised chicken and cheese soy sauce braised chicken with by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 410,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oldl-dbrY0k	Korean chewy noodles(Jjolmyeon), cheese pork cutlet and onion cream pork cutlet eating show ~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 624,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MU2H2A4KII	Seasoned chicken drumstick, rice ball, onion ring Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 7 months ago 14 minutes, 1 second 472,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5mcslENO0c	Tray Jjajang Buldak, fully filled dumpling, and whole pickled radish Mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 659,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-OVsT7_6RI	Giant lobster and crayfish Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 7 months ago 9 minutes, 27 seconds 568,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE9B07OyD5U	Strawberry crepe cake, strawberry, strawberry ice cream, and straw berry marshmallow. by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 781,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6xSxPr0Aac	What would it taste like when you have Buldak fried noodle and Buldak soup noodle at once? by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 422,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAyH1mZEr3w	Oreo, Choco Flake, Coco Ball and Chex, 5 kinds of chocolate cereals Mukbang~ !! Real sound social by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 742,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=effyLeMoULA	Honey chicken leg, cream pasta, gambas Mukbang ~ !! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 449,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa_pyeIjbU0	Ddeokbbokki, Kimbab, fried platter, and Soondae, every snack at once!! Snack special Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 609,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxAdmUa78Ag	부드러운 보쌈파 vs  쫀득쫀득한 족발파 먹방~!! 리얼사운드social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 505,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEV0O_tBWoM	Tuna, salmon, flatfish and oyster that melt in my mouth Mukbang~!! Real sound social by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 555,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgFN1hwG6Bg	양념쪽갈비에 납작당면 가득 넣어 먹어보자!! 먹방 social eating MukbangEating Show by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 483,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ_bkNiUWbY	Steamed pork belly Kimchi made with ripen Kimchi and King dumpling Mukbang~ by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 380,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ktu5i33TFw	Sinjeon Tteokbokki, Hot Dog, Rice Cake Skewers, chicken skewers, Pikachu PorkCutlet Mukbang~! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 1,054,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCUKX8bf9KI	Soysauce crab bibimbap, spicy marinated crab bibimbap and soysauce shrimp Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 295,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OkV0tr91k8	휴게소 15인분 제대로 털어보겠습니다! 휴게소 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 7 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 258,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViSc9jtx0bw	Yellowish well grilled pork belly and Yeol-ramen Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 1,630,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5Rk8Ojp8bc	Only chicken legs!! 4 flavors chicken legs Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating by 떵개떵 7 months ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 833,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLk9ylErJNA	Cheese Fire Noodle with Japaghetti, Tangsuyuk, and fried dumplings Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 7 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 519,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMt8w8ix4m8	Fresh beef sashimi, small octopus, and raw squid Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 673,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDopGuKslMo	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 24편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 471,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMs8yjQXiJU	Various sushi, cheese cutlet, fried shrimp, udon~ Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 522,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TJHo0OMI2E	Kimchi cheese sweet and sour pork, spicy Ddeokbboki, Carbonara Ddeokbboki Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 409,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTFnwdDW_B4	엄청 두꺼운 꽃등심 솥뚜껑구이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 333,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xciPrytgz50	Whipped cream generously on the waffle and fat macaroon, Emmental cheese cake, and other dessert by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes 766,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PocTLlGAito	Stringy~ Mozzarella cheese and ribs Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 318,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKrk_D3UUvg	3 times spicier angry Neoguri and Kimchi Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 378,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvk00A4ljLo	Old style chicken, corn dog, and beer Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 548,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItKlueh0Ln8	Carbonara, risotto, pizza, and cheese stick Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 614,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1CzfUvDkRI	추운 겨울에 생각나는 얼큰한 부대찌개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 1,421,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=158ktD5ngcI	Sweet strawberry tanghuru and whipping cream Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 737,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJx5mkXVPHg	Assorted steamed seafood with full of abalones, roes, squids, crabs, Mukbang~!! The real sound by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 771,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr01tmDGfOM	Combination of the oyster and port meat, Kimchi! Oyster Bossam Mukbang~!! The real sound by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 517,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN8ezEIYE_A	Fried jumbo shrimp, calamari ring, fried shrimp Mukbang~!! The real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 479,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87R966PEwE4	엽기떡볶이와 신전떡볶이를 섞어 먹으면 무슨맛일까?! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 884,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh-tYltPMBs	Tender salmon and N.1 graded greasy tuna mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 465,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqgJDT_GNyg	Spicy stir-fried chicken stew noodle and fried shrimps, fried peppers, hashbrowns Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 472,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJiquprPiKg	Whipping cream, strawberry and several doughnuts Mukbang~~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 558,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jew4yKuqRZ0	Sesame ramen and aromatic soy sauce egg rice Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 547,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4p8lCK1020	킬바사 소세지와 쟁반짜장 8인분 먹방~!! social eating MukbangEating Show by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 2,054,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTxkzS_fUx4	Janchi-noodles and mini kimbap Mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 617,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aT4vDolB-C4	a load of boiled Webfoot octopus stacked up Mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 647,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3-0BnM27bY	가마솥에 통으로 튀긴 치킨 뿌셔버리기 먹방~!! [하루대끼 38화] social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 16 minutes 707,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbLYTIiz_gw	Colorful crystal candy, cane jelly, universe chocolate mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 414,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqVJ3xx_XHI	Oven baked whole port belly and Jin Jjajang(black bean noodles) Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 2,715,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEVdeZ881Dw	Buldak fried noodle, spiced chicken, fried chicken, cheese ball, and corn dog Mukbang~ Real sound by 떵개떵 8 months ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 398,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNYtHeq5La0	Assorted seafood including oyster, raw octopus, sea cucumber, abalone and etc Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 397,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGwpH2vARXc	Craving for sweets, so chocolate special Mukbang~!! Real sound eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 5,713,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SO098j63xY	McNuggets 100 pc. with different dipping sauces Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 392,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZuhhDtTPDc	4 kg King crab and snow crab Mukbang~!! Real sound, social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 1,200,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EozOWGUp5co	Sinjeon Tteokbokki and Jamaican Drumsticks Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 3,539,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XVuhRuBhVk	계란과 10가지 나물이 듬뿍 들어간 아궁이뚜껑 비빔밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 778,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxLgOQjibvI	Good texturing raw shrimps mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 2,100,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0v-50W87xY	Jiggly jiggly different puddings Mukbang~!! The real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 578,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55J3CmvdDFw	Jajangmyeon(Korean black bean sauce noodles), whole spam, Tangsuyuk(sweet and sour pork), by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 1,562,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDmE6uaGxB8	Fried chicken drum stick, Cheese roll katsu, Kielbasa, Fried shrimp Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 8 months ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 3,422,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFdlq5hgy0o	아궁이 치즈에 자메이카치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 8 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 2,513,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CBp54kM-5k	Cheesy Kimchi fried rice, Spicy oyster noodle Soup~!! Real sound Social eating mukbang by 떵개떵 8 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 349,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRiG5u26ITo	연어국수와 낙지국수 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 352,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNCRYSjTLiE	2019년 마지막날 기념 케이크 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 557,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOdHA4WyMdI	차돌박이 라면 15봉 & 모둠 김밥 20줄 먹방~!! [하루대끼 37화] social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 17 minutes 594,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NuhpiLm_ug	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 23편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 337,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ7wbmXxtz0	가장매운 라면들이 만났다! 틈새라면과 불닭을 섞은 틈불라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 1,062,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mngEC99Bk0	First Class Maguro(Tuna) Sashimi, Scallops, Salmon Sashimi and Seagrapes Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 3,024,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-rz_usVTm8	Worm Jelly Noodles, Edible Straw Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 724,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUMSfSVPBg4	Fresh humpback shrimp Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 1,360,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeXGI0FPZF0	시골에서 대패삼겹살과 묵은지 그리고 볶음밥까지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 321,337 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4Z3KY9uLu8	Mukbang with mozzarella cheese covered Ppurinkle drumstick, Ppurinkle hot dog, cheese balls!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 1,261,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGyElVLsZUw	Raw tail and steamed claw of giant lobster mukbang!! Real sound social eating mukbang (eating show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 1,283,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OzLLofW8WM	Mukbang with strawberries, mangos, melons, kiwis, oranges, and more fruits!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 525,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsYElRkPytg	Chocolate Marshmallow Ice Cream and Beaded Ice Cream Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 512,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOBuonNyYV4	밥이 술술 넘어가는 개떵이표 삼겹살김치찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 1,285,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t40Y3JfKt8I	Soft Salmon Sushi Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 479,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDagu5Sld44	Steamed scallops, sliced raw scallops and abalone mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 236,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3nA72mXQ3Y	Chicago Pizza Mukbang by 떵개떵 9 months ago 9 minutes, 25 seconds 230,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiFzB0DITYQ	5 packs of Samyang ramen with Gimjang kimchi~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 549,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP5omVD7wD0	Bacon Cream Pasta and Whole Spam Eating Show~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 576,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muWHwvWjIHY	떵개는 성공한 원칩! 과연 개떵이는?! 불닭먹고 원칩챌린지도전 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 600,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnopzkS0XEQ	Yeopgi Tteokbokki Spicy Taste vs Emergency Room Death Taste Eating Show~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 572,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRSCQ_k4J8g	추워져서 집에서 부대찌개, 소고기, 막창 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 547,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9tQJlNiq6I	Mukbang of Salmon Noodles that melts in your mouth~~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 1,072,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wioIzPcd3Ts	Unstoppable eaters! Beef intestines & Fire noodles Mukabang by 떵개떵 9 months ago 15 minutes 290,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cdKF0_pVzs	Gimjang Kimchi, boiled pork. raw oyster that can't be left out during Gimjang season Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 1,619,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhKRjkTSxTg	Three flavors of frozen mochi (rice cake) Mukbang (Eating Show)~!! Real sounds of eating mochi by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 940,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6O-QHqu_uY	리얼사운드 시골에서 끓여먹는 짜파구리와 육즙가득 소고기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 362,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlGKpYg1vjc	beboned soupy chicken feet, honey combo, deboned honey, rice balls mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 464,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0lWnLLZIqo	Whole of salmon and yellow tail, and Sea grape Mukbang! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 717,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtS-b9H1oqw	Buldak Carbonara and Pepper basasak chicken, and smoked whole pork belly mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 1,096,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atw7cXmuYZw	Colorful jelly wax bottle mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Muckbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 820,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3lj8GOQ0uQ	The Earth jelly, Space jelly and chick marshmallow Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,364,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1ZD1ImhReU	대방어의 철이 돌아왔다! 제철 대방어 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 230,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEMAJOQ1eOk	Original thief of the rice soy sauce salted crab, spicy crab, and soy sauce salted shrimp Mukbang. by 떵개떵 9 months ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 702,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPQ1nlYeekY	신전떡볶이파 vs 엽기떡볶이파 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 246,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4P7LNas1NQc	Turkish Delight and Marshmallow Eating Show!! Real Sound Social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 543,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls1jp5IMYc0	A hamburger and hot dog eating broadcasts to! Real sound social eating mukbang (eating show). by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 867,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-IbFld6_wo	Eating strawberries with lots of whipped cream on~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 1,750,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gX7CT0GLTVE	Yeul Ramen, kimbap, and green onion kimchi mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 885,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlR23glBpUk	아버지와 시골에서 대왕 킹크랩과 랍스터 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 528,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ukVlDYonrM	Oven Homerrun Balls and S'more Dip mukbang~!!  real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 1,147,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fL5X0lpbSo	Spicy Maralongsha Marashrimp added to Bunmoja (thick noodles)  and Chinese broad crystal noodles~ !! by 떵개떵 9 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 505,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaZq2W7Jt7Y	We did Mukbang tour in Thailand by 떵개떵 9 months ago 17 minutes 281,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iY31jwlYQgw	Oily top-class tuna mukbang~!! Real sound  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 9 months ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 3,050,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paLYkWYx5VU	Rice Mukbang - You can eat rice well with 4 kinds of salted seafood~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 818,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbkWanW_xJs	솥뚜껑에 구워 맛이 끝내주는 삼겹살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 463,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L36ngX6w1wI	Ghost Pepper Ramen and Jamaican chicken lega Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 870,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1ARAZcynoA	The Mukbang of alive and moving fresh the small octopus~!! Real sound social Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 1,317,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9E64GPsHSQU	후라이드치킨vs양념치킨파 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 953,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI8Jypqmyzc	Crispy outside, soft inside a whole chicken and crispy fried dish~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 1,096,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Kb1QJPBlnY	Cheongyang Goji Berry wine, goji berry pancakes, goji berry Korean sweets Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 200,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVFJlwzPmTs	Scallop and salmon, oyster Mukbang~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,136,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew170MyYP9k	From King Tiger Shrimp and Shrimp Ring to Shrimp Stew! Special Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 2,149,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU_C8AISmkc	Nuclear spicy noodles and one chip challenge, can ddeonggae bear 5 mins?! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 9,727,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyuFPT4S-Fg	더 업그레이드된 타임어택!  불닭볶음탕면 10개 도전먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 680,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4FmFuDTieI	Delicious looking Kyoho grapes and Excellent mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 392,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5sZTreUgXs	쌀쌀해진 요즘 따뜻한 부대찌개가 땡겨서 부대찌개 먹방~!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 145,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuXynrXMaww	Let's have chicken legs as much as I want!! Seasoned chicken, Jamaican chicken and soy bean noodles by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 1,062,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSTFtnxEXZA	Both you and I rice cake mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 737,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaxkCSCMeNg	From a gun to a clock, tools, various chocolate mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 1,082,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1FJV6afKOg	시골중국집 짜장면과 빠질수없는 탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 673,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCLX63n7mCQ	The best combination! Yupki ttoekboki, Kyochon red stick, cheese roll cutlet Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 561,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pADu4IJhZq8	조개구이&해물라면 질릴 때까지 먹방~!! [하루대끼 34화] social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 16 minutes 178,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKqJtGyBOwg	짜장면파 vs 짬뽕파의 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 530,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbO8DCht2IQ	Various sticky rice cakes with chewy texture Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 660,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTNnvjfKG3k	만화카페 전메뉴 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 151,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgp717c92AU	Cake and ramen for dessert mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 227,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la6FFKjbISw	비빔면 좋아하는 친구랑 비빔면 10봉지와 소고기먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 172,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY6EBE_2qJs	Oranges, grapefruits, mandarines, lemons, refreshing round shaped fruits mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 1,333,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnHTiDceqDE	Home cooked menu egg roll, spam, pink sausage, stir fried pork and green grapes for dessert!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 664,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skmIGShmw3Q	Mark Full Set, King ramen and Triangle Gimbab Mukbang~! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 541,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4KSAw4zITs	굴철이 돌아왔다! 아버지와 대왕 바위굴 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 116,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKk5iGtQUnk	S'mores dip and sweet chocolate snacks mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 1,064,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqcofOHzgaw	떵개가 먹고싶은 음식 리얼사운드 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 512,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqhvLhlVzZo	파리바게트 케이크와 배스킨라빈스 아이스크림 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 94,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gWJs_zILbM	떵개는 불닭볶음면 10개 먹는데 얼마나 걸릴까?!  불닭 타임어택먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 1,567,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipsF22EJlsU	베이컨까르보나라, 게살오이파스타, 페퍼로니피자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 91,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhKy-gOg2VY	Roll cake mukbang just like gimbab~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 212,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjDl08PUsyo	Soft mango and Hong Shi mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 343,177 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3OPFEcoN_E	Jetty Tapioca Pearls and Roll cakes Eating Show~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 1,443,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNED01qLEhI	생크림찰떡블루베리앙금과 딸기앙금 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 136,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTEOBP6e9Sg	The Cream Cheese Hot-and-Spicy Chicken Carbonara and whole bar rice cake  eating show~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 304,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bBx2Z2L8mM	해물이 한가득 들어간 해물쟁반짬뽕 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 63,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SHQsnXKRI0	Bomb chocolate, Chocolate marshmallow, Tico ice cream Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 1,055,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KzyIY6vL-U	Rabokki(Stir-fried rice cakes with noodles) & Rice balls with tuna mayo Mukbang by 떵개떵 10 months ago 17 minutes 449,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXaOYxsPYYk	요즘 PC방음식 장난아니네요..!   친구랑 PC방 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 449,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMuF9rm3j7g	Spicy Chicken Carbonara with Jamaican Chicken Drumsticks Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 698,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzvxwe3aoAE	더치베이비 제철과일 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 61,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tagdLjOPIeQ	Sweet soft 3-layered tiramisu cake Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 1,473,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpzRARShsuw	시골에서 배고파서 얼큰한 라면과 김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 10 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 411,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnLMw-9PUvs	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 22편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 201,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1OKM17BiY0	신상품 라이트불닭볶음면과 고기만두 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 375,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrEMcsdWbjE	오랜만에 편의점음식이 땡겨서 편의점 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 290,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6Nfb-lzps0	투썸 아이스박스와 몰티저스 먹방~!! 형제리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 288,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCSsAk-GZMk	주황빛 먹음직스러운 생연어와 스테이크초밥, 연어초밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 95,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE_yB8SCrZg	과일화과자 베스킨아이스크림찹살떡 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 286,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtrJ_c_bc3E	엔젤리너스 뉴욕치즈케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 85,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM4qvY7pNNs	King tiger shrimps and Lobster Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 774,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHAKSoX0Si0	화이트포텐골드피자와  치즈오븐스파게티, 새우링 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 73,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYcCSvpHSQw	Thick whole steak and cream pasta Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 235,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqDb4Kh4O-w	떵개가 좋아하는 꿀떡, 바람떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 76,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEVRXCgEw-0	Hello Kitty chocolate mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 308,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-NdO8OFRFs	매콤사천짜파게티, 왕교자튀김, 용가리튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 81,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU0bRy2AmVQ	Burning Red pepper Jjajang Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 331,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKB7sUrmD1M	귀여운 라이언 아이스크림 케이크 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 93,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p95rzu0CF4	Mexicana's new menu Ppurigo Chicken & Double Cheeseball  Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 759,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaiEa5ICFbY	버거킹 불고기버거와 명랑핫도그 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 82,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAPSlDpFdRI	Seafood jjamppong and whole gimbap Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 321,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ito8rsyhx5U	두툼한 방어회에 소주한잔 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 104,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t9TtUHqW4E	Colorful unicorn booger, union roll gummy mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 529,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYU2-mIxljM	치즈가 반한 티라미수와 배스킨라빈스 아이스크림떡 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 64,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABkoFtnRV48	Big meal a day! Bibimbap(Korean rice bowl) Mukbang by 떵개떵 11 months ago 15 minutes 136,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP2DsaamW2k	Yeopggi tteokboki(Chinese noodles) and ppurinkle chicken legs, cheese balls mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 2,038,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIk0rPlvmqw	Baskin Robbins ice cream rice cake and frozen fruits mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 323,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVIqL0_bTrQ	샤인머스켓과 사파이어 포도 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 91,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFrOKO0uWnI	Budaejjigae with Extra ramen noodle Mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 489,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eomPNeqcHfU	한우육회비빔밥과 된장국 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 46,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdgN7Wz7_nU	We tried to find the worst chicken! Mukbang by 떵개떵 11 months ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 252,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLJpVLOaWEE	Tapioca pearl and honey comb mukbang ~!! real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 386,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzbewmhmUn0	Not a ordinary oyster! Big size rock oyster mukbang ~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 1,194,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPllDHNSIlQ	짜장면과 볶음밥, 삼선국밥 먹방~~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 73,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8rlWrhjHGs	Hamburger and hotdog gummy mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 326,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTaxsq1tCeM	여러가지 마카롱과 버블티 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 103,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1g-FUKBHV0	Eat up a bowl of rice! pork stew, whole spam, fried egg, leaf kimchi, pick sausage mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 728,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orq8hN1VY-o	시원한 냉쫄면에 김밥 한가득 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 65,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dz31sL0pjT4	Super spicy Teumsae ramen and spring onion kimchi Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 352,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u10MFB0muzk	떵개가 먹은 가장 맛없는 6가지 음식 리뷰 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 1,594,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_369sUdoZKE	술이 술술 들어가는 모둠회 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 90,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ac7tV2MiM4	Soccer ball gummies, earth gummies, galaxy gummies Mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 2,540,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CaR3T9XZtE	W가나 인당25만 최고급 한우와, 도화새우, 랍스터까지!  먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 148,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b_vBApHsR4	First-grade beef and Grilled cheese Mukbang~!! Real sound social Mukbant(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 825,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUU03M4hgSo	버터갈릭감자튀김, 차돌떡볶이, 뿌링클 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 84,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMmf14g7PQI	Kingcrab full of flesh and Shinjeon tteokboki mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 620,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxjnrdwjamk	담백하게 먹기좋은 계란토스트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 84,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZmMouYZkxs	geuk, the fruit that tastes worse than durian mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 806,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMvbYgICbv8	먹기좋은 순살찜닭 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 74,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tp0VOgA-3qg	Cyburger, Cheeseball, and Cheese stick Mukbang ~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 1,018,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CubfFvR8rT8	쁘띠첼을 그릇에 한가득담아서 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 64,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUY3_XywzdM	[하루대끼 31화] 한 솥 가득 끓인 떡국과 잡채 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 15 minutes 143,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Y8DbSBuFFA	Mukbang of original rice thief, Spicy Marinated Crabs and Laver ~! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 283,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vWpORIw3uk	Mukbang through Grade 1 Tuna seems to be worth eating~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 2,452,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWHWuBmDUBA	떵강아지와 소금구이쪽갈비, 숯불짱간장 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 77,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-V8Ts7yE7Rg	Spam and egg filled spam egg bowl of rice and neoguri ramen mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 405,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXt_LVVXGSw	라면이 땡기는날 열라면과 김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 73,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDZFwVrPpqA	bul-dak mushroom boil mukbang ~!! real sound social eating mukbang (eating show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 11 minutes 211,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv1GyOUGB0s	수제불고기피자와 베이컨크림파스타 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 65,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_azw2rG3BM	시크릿닭다리와 짜파게티 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 16 minutes 323,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJTsjiN1qkY	Mukbang of cool ice cream and S'more Dip~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 3,509,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn3M4ABBNyk	자두와 제주도 감귤크런치 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 11 months ago 9 minutes, 54 seconds 56,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrsORBrBUuc	엽기떡볶이와 엽기어묵,주먹밥, 김말이튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 141,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-O1B-F509k	Mukbang of Galaxy Jelly with wonderful texture~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 1,778,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XYCizrl4fU	Mukbang of BBQ Vampire 3 Spicy- Level Chicken~!!  Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 2,462,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X24abMO7Ix4	브레드세븐의 녹차, 순수, 딸기잼롤케이크  먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 74,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqlFbyVdoPU	짜장밥에 계란후라이와 총각김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes 87,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-_aJp7WSew	Chocolate ice cream and variety of chocolate Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 1,756,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfTuWjAB4ck	Made by Ddunggae Bibimbap and pork Kimchi stew Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes 422,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekU2JKmNSG8	짜장면, 짬뽕, 탕수육, 꿔바로우 등 중국집특집 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 132,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GCa3yxlirs	Fire chicken carbonara and the cheese Roll cutlet filled with cheese Mukbang~! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 670,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5otHchwYxjA	신전떡볶이  먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 325,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcB4LbCOvcw	명랑핫도그를 뿌링클소스에 찍어 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 110,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIw7wIrcSNo	두부와 김치가 잔뜩 들어간 밥도둑 묵은지 김치찜 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 154,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6EFaxbQUE0	The best tasteless food 6 kinds’ Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show). by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 4,062,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDpFNq1jKeo	Andong fresh water cooperative Kim jung sun’s spicy fish stew(catfish) Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 303,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7OzzbTmQ3U	마카롱, 제리치즈, 석기시대티라미슈 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 45,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqy4hmP_o9M	[하루대끼 30화] 최고급 한우 숯불구이와 LA갈비찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 217,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0Gy5OH5AvU	황올왕새우세트와 닭껍질튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 80,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0PgZgViYes	한때 유행했던 마크정식 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 293,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmtFK62aAHI	The combination of reminding rice!! Budaejjigae’s noodles, Spam, Fried eggs, green onion kimchi by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 420,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9qYTGkERDQ	사라다빵고로케 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 69,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnBMFnVAoEs	money bad cake mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 423,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3GEz0Xywxk	버거킹 와퍼통모짜 여러가지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 67,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Yc3fkR9mC8	A plate of assorted Grilled Beef Tripe and leek’s Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 269,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw022b5jJ1U	한입에 먹기좋은 쁘띠몽쉘 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 63,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMRlLbOnKwo	Fire Chicken Noodles with Fish Cutlets Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 421,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8onmitVEDQ	콩나물국밥, 내장국밥, 살코기국밥, 암뽕순대 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 41,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A71zXJvWtbo	Everything about Pepero!! 7 sorts of Pepero Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 249,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yxB8olyLmg	끝내주는 비주얼의 초코생크림케이크와 여러가지 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 105,091 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bNFxdri7Qo	Gooey flower cake mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 308,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFpr9EXwnc8	쟁반짜장과 바삭한 꿔바로우 탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 96,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-P1zC_CoAzI	Yeoptteok with Chinese glass noodle and honey combo mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 57 seconds 1,023,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJqYwf2TCEQ	멕시카나 뼈닭강정에 치밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes 74,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OExJwBm82Ic	Mukbang for the traditional holiday food, steamed beef ribs! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 306,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yk1SV8sMUE	싫어할수 없는 조합!! 라볶이에 스팸, 김밥, 계란후라이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 72,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub61VtpMdIM	잘 익은 제철과일 자두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 107,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvFGl4kzIYw	Sojuju reminds me of fire chicken feet and rice balls. by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 268,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXRW01ktHe4	비빔면과 직화통삼겹, 통목살스테이크, 킬바사소세지 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 83,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEGN62A_FrA	60gye chicken & corn cheese ball and chili & fried chicken wing bong mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 503,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AP7Bk9mrdU	딸기케이크와 치즈케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 14 seconds 73,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvVBv2jJUkQ	Boiled Head and Raw Tentacles of San-Nakji (Octopus) Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 640,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l78wbjb-CrQ	오늘의 요리사는 떵개~!! 짜파게티와 파김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 82,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvA6Y1y8nFA	[하루대끼 29화] 왕돈까스에 쫄면 돌돌말아 먹기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 269,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHjIvllTliw	슈크림몽땅과 크림가득 크로와상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 62,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSSPayMu1OI	Mukbang with fresh Abalone and cold beer~!!  real sound social eating Mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 658,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKsnDuhCpzE	크림치즈볶음짬뽕과 크림새우 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 44,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHlQ56ApSOA	Amazing soup of Malatang Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 454,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8-f72vBNQM	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 21편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 333,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSdO8CKIkxc	붕어빵 종류별로 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 53,185 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76vJ-wZhbYU	Wax Bottle Sticks Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 965,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v26tBsr9-CQ	매콤, 델리, 소금구이 수내닭꼬치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 58,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83vQwp_aGSU	Colorful Rainbow Mellow bits and Donut Marshmallow Muk-bang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 268,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQNBQIaI0e4	쟝블랑제리 맘모스빵과 초코범벅 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 69,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpd4XG09RGI	Fabulous visuals! Watermelon Popping Boba eating show! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 690,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqLM95dSb-o	이렇게 큰 치킨이?! KFC 갓양념치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 128,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4KpG0Oc8W4	Seasoned large intestines filled with glass noodles mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 860,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzjEk-5j-94	빵또아 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 75,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYJHz_QhuBM	Colourful Wax Bottle Candies Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,778,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2unTpTsjUg	삼양라면과 잘익은 파김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 167,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry_GzhjwtKE	Spam Bulldak(fire chicken) Cream Pasta Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Sow) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 266,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf7_ql-DjnI	생크림이 잔뜩 올라간 몬스터 카스테라 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 72,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9foJfD3dMFY	Perferct match!! Bongu's rice burger and Yukgaejang instant cup noodles Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 331,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKNK7cwSWYo	원조 밥도둑 간장게장과 새우장 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 1 second 133,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovC4_nUo3Go	Croquettes, Twisted Bread Sticks, Churros etc; Glutinous Rice Series with Whipped Cream Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 287,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kk1VWvHN3wk	여러분은 어떤잼을 좋아하세요? 식빵에 딸기잼, 블루베리잼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 45,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0rF1zGzF1M	As expected, pig's trotter should be bitten off as a whole~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 1,305,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-66tmcS4lk	신메뉴 뿌링핫도그, 뿌링클, 뿌링소떡, 뿌링치즈볼, 뿌링치즈스틱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 147,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkzhwxpchgk	I was craving fruits so here's 8kinds of fruit mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 1,832,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HhhPLun1Rw	마카롱과 키위, 토마토, 복숭아 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 39,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNEXPJ4jRxo	[하루대끼 28화] 무더운 여름에 솥단지 불닭볶음면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 362,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMBQyLPyBM4	Nobody would hate this combination! Shinjeon ddeokbokki, Kyochon fried chicken,  Mozzarella cor by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 1,426,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G-RcXzYKFw	Chocolate Rasgulla Mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 556,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bP-xqOl_Xo	밥 한그릇 뚝딱! 부대찌개와 스팸, 계란후라이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 101,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGKxZmAi5Ms	Hangover Ramyeon Mukbang after drinking wine~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 765,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMR9C6xVeYs	구운 가래떡과 시원한 미숫가루 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 97,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DQ0p6rIYCk	Gerard Cheese with Wine Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 1,385,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNnzCSGsIGA	차돌박이 떡볶이에 중국당면, 소세지 추가해서 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 73,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFJ47rNCJ1Q	There is a gold salmon?! Gold salmon Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 286,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVv6M2cdGug	복숭아철이 돌아왔다~! 복숭아 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 62,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qE-dLHLfQGo	Colorful Cup Jelly Mukbang(Eating Show)~!! Social eating Mukbang with 'Real Sound' by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 203,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTyUMVASD7U	매콤한 막국수에 부드러운 보쌈 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 58,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq-OlnXBd-o	4kg huge lobster Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes 2,206,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgJPhr7RvlA	불짬뽕몽땅 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 28 seconds 46,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqvOXcPHWo4	Korean Street Food Mukbang that everyone loves~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 262,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uJJU0OYs_8	두꺼운 치킨패티가 일품인 싸이버거와 매콤김떡만 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 62,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOfJi0DlKwc	Jukkumi pork belly mukbamg~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 159,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVkNXuTJqgc	바삭한 교촌치킨과 부드러운 웨지감자  먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 76,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w56P_iTMzw	Salmon and Flounder sashimi melting in your mouth~!!  Real Sound social eating Mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 245,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrPfnCm_Xhg	불닭볶음면과 짜장면이 만났다!!  불짜면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 73,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vktyhlbeSaI	It՚s just great macaroon and brown sugar !!The real sound of social food Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 319,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaO47cc5Lmk	체리가 검은색?! 바이오 체리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 88,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CECGJoZvKZ8	모짜렐라 치즈떡볶이와 참치김밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 65,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l3wF1Jvums	BHC순살뿌링클, 뿌링클닭다리와 치즈볼, 소떡소떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 115,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGci07WoHlY	Crispy Fried Octopus ∼!! The real sound of social food is Mukbang ( Eating Show). by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 229,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TE6gT-I2TDM	Plenty of yogurt poured on to well-ripened blueberries Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 422,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtjCI3fSbUU	간단하게 먹기 좋은 이삭토스트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 58,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej8K4WZl0tM	[하루대끼 27화] 계란 폭탄 대왕 오므라이스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 285,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3NjTYnsWrI	The more you eat, more it gets hotter. maracanChicken Drumsticks Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 222,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNH8gamUC7Q	The colorful cute chick marshmallow Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 549,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR5CyejyNLI	게장만 밥도둑이 아니다! 밥도둑 스팸김치찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 75,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6jbGbiar4o	Rose pasta and chop steak Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 141,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG448eownLI	Chapagetti flavored soup rabokki and sausage Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 303,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUni44Rytks	Never get tired of eating it, Wing Bong Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 191,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlBZNMY6KOk	우유맛이 끝내주는 첵스초코 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 69,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6ZFFvunkSo	Real sound food porn~!!: Yellow fruits and Jerry’s Cheesecake by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 366,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bvxSsk0CMk	쫄면과 돈까스,  김밥, 샐러드 김밥나라 스페셜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 71,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNUgFwnump8	Eating show of various colored pencils~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 237,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOee-M9Xh7c	연어가 땡겨서 연어만 한상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 222,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaMGyzIixCg	Hot dogs with a sweet spiced sauce Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 497,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwLshShQRSg	누구나 먹어봤을 중국집 1번세트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 89,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sy6lbhRVwcY	Eating show of seafood ramen with whole octopus and abalone~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 422,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgcV3MzHEQ0	설빙의 인절미빙수와 메론빙수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 45,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=javihUwo-DU	오늘밤은 이거다!! 리얼사운드 모음 20편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 437,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neAcOGKxw5A	떵강아지와 치즈신전떡볶이, 롯데리아 햄버거 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 63,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCiVuAuXhCU	Chewing pudding Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 414,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Actor9uLWoU	마카롱과 초코, 타로, 치즈버블티 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 70,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWAb5G-chjA	Mukbang of Spicy Kimchi Wraps with Pork, it's delicious even when eaten with rice~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 618,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w79-P_FdqYw	단골 중국집 쟁반짜장과 김치치즈탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 98,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkcCChpAfTM	Fully stuffed dumpling eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 196,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGbinz60JIs	파리바게트 에뚜아르 쇼콜라케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 61,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Er6KLIDwPuE	[하루대끼 26화] 칼칼한 김치수제비와 모둠전 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 265,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdFDXPxp290	Steamed Agu-Nakji with full of Chinese Glass Noodle Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 211,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErRscXd8WqM	Marshmallow and Paint Jam Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 548,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FexEe9CWMXw	붐바스틱과 충무김밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 113,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpmrdFEwp00	Amazing Cheetos flavoured chicken drum stick's Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 732,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngag6Eb_MPg	오레오 오즈,  피넛버터 오즈, 후르트링 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 72,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SPbIHclAE0	Webfoot octpous and porkbelly wrapped with sesame leaf MUKBANG~!! RealSound eating show by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 152,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uD99aENkp4	불닭탕면과 대왕돈까스,대왕산적 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 124,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQknrz77_N4	Cheese Jjokgalbi (cheese pork ribs) eating show that was popular once. by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 258,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0uuwgj1M8A	뉴욕쿠키크림베리, 초코칩, 마들렛, 곰돌이라떼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 31,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBRl_e1Qke0	돼지갈비 무한리필 30인분 털기(feat. 떵벤져스) 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 439,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDkIubynsxk	This combination reminds me to drink! Boneless chicken feet and rice ball Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 227,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecZyLvHvmR4	The largest size crayfish Muckbang~!! Real sound social eating Muckbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 772,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QevvHMuB_oE	바삭함 끝판왕 치킨 계동치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 23 seconds 56,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdUfrugUB5c	Spicy bibim-naengmyun (cold buckwheat noodles) and whole chicken~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 257,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whb_jL5B2eA	엽기떡볶이와 모둠튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 43,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjL-XTv0woY	Soft salmon and tuna! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 292,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19WmPuQW4Ow	딸기속우유찹쌀떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 84,939 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LjA1RThY7Q	'Earth Jelly' and 'Space Candy' Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 450,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbGAy_7i-VM	스낵면 10봉지와 잘익은 김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 197,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSZFziu1r0g	10 bulgogi burgers to eat in a long time! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 766,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHrXL3taoFc	속이 가득찬 계란샌드위치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 42,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWJnFTNe0dE	Fried chicken noodles and whole ham eateries! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 698,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFQeLFGgaMM	신전떡볶이와 어묵튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 108,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv5v6e2ldTk	Yummy colorful fruit jellies and fruit marshmallow Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 382,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3wMtDekIRA	큰 소세지가 들어간 소세지몽땅빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 56,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0_iuO6YfTE	Perfect spicy taste! Bul-dak noodle soup and spring onion Kimchi eating show~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 469,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ6lDNkha9Y	낙지비빔밥과 시원한 연포탕 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 81,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_REIu73oqPc	[하루대끼 25화] 계곡 놀러가서 백숙&삼겹살 뿌셔버리기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 285,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPikIR3KHEc	Maltesers mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 1,058,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml7hgsdpMCQ	Myungrang Hot Dog and Sliced Jam Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 311,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyG1UTOgxDQ	버블티만 10가지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 116,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-rWzh_Y-8k	Hamburger jellies in different sizes Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 304,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19C4FReHW8M	체리의 계절이 돌아왔다! 체리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 54 seconds 37,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTIZ43E48qs	Cute Jibangii Jelly Mukbang Show! Real sound eating mukbang (Eating Shhow) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 248,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsjnySecb2Q	Green foods special mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 857,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qyReUY6LIg	안성탕면3봉지와 라면이랑 너무 잘 어울리는 김치, 오이소박이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 63,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkxbtLfDzaE	Crispy chicken skin fry eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 609,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k9pHCRY0vU	양념 맛이 끝내주는 닭강정 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 68,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=994kVc54DUk	30cm Giant Bee Honey Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 5,346,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiWvWqPqlZg	집밥이 생각나는 대패짜글이, 스팸, 소세지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 88,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqKtdE4bPHY	Raw crab marinated in soy sauce and over easy egg mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 900,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U87Levvyyxs	345만 유튜버 떵개떵의 첫먹방 다시보기! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 33 minutes 137,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBWi0FaB1c	Devouring this salmon that melts away in my mouth until I'm full! Taiwan Giant Salmon Sushi Mukbang by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 678,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJEPLDYk868	70 sticks of Cheese Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 551,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=To4cT8wQsyw	진짜같은 고구마빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 117,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jBui5IBgZU	THICC smoked pork shoulders and spicy Bibim noddles mukbang~!! Sound On Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 587,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb75JTwl9aQ	새로나온 마라탕면과 총각김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 120,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcUoBzckycY	Ji Pai made by Deep-Frying Chicken Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 578,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISc6QobgnLE	더운날 시원한 메론빙수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 38,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-PU7O6K7L4	Pink Pork Belly-Shaped Jelly Eating Show~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 241,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AADBqO5UMwM	[Brother Realsound] Sweet honey and Fried drumsticks of a chicken Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 1,259,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LftsiRvwxl4	치즈볼이 땡겨서 치즈볼만 잔뜩 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 71,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur4Hw7Xic28	Flower pudding& cloud pudding Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 367,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33BYOtMmjnA	새벽에 PC방에서 야식 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 167,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWdzY-onPmo	King Apple Mango Mukbang! Real sound social eating mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 558,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaq2_PGu860	식감좋은 여러가지 모찌 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 64,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSfoQFh2WII	Cheogajip Supreme seasoned chicken with rice Eating show~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 507,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlOM-kuBv7A	입에서 녹는 로이스 초콜릿 종류별로 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 80,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_TGTJkeeZk	[하루대끼 24화] 시원한 열무국수와 대왕스팸 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 600,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gROdIYXQgDI	Steamed Spicy Seafood (Squid, Abalone, Scallop, Clam, Conch) Mukang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 745,792 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rilMyOH6sRE	Apricot Tanghulu Mukang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 311,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rzTFA4_7Fg	수제 레인보우쿠키 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 50 seconds 49,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJbYQgIz6PQ	Honeycomb Mochi with Sweet Honey Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 45 seconds 1,311,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeh-b8LlVt0	매운 엽기떡볶이와 짜장면이 만났다?! 엽떡짜장면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 223,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pR1qaQ_uNmQ	Huge tonkatsu Mukbang which you can be full with only one~! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 707,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PujgduUgIrU	던킨도너츠 종류별로 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 47,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onEaOlXqWnA	Sausage Stew (Budae-jjigae) with huge hams Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 811,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WGxn8N8qRQ	신전떡볶이와 모짜렐라치즈가 들어간 치즈돈카츠의 맛있는 조합 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 53,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R65TU0yx5Eo	Sweet and Sour Mandarine Tanghulu Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 435,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zbohw3aeZXU	뿌링치즈스틱 쌓아놓고 먹어보자!! 먹방 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 129,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ln3MRp-Ilfk	Rainbow Rope jelly Mukbang~!! Realsound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 449,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIDaCdxo8Hg	뿌링클치킨, 치즈볼, 소떡소떡 뿌링클 특집 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 159,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5zfjzTRhOk	Cheese pork cutlets eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 597,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s5LQq5ZsaI	떵개의 단골빵집의 마들렌 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes 53,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aa4lKEsbNes	a whole melon turned into a mochi!! tong melon mochi (a whole melon mochi)mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 427,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtBCWv0pQMY	4년넘게한 아프리카TV 마지막 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 561,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QI1cuBupQwM	My little fan gave me a cotton swab to eat... Mukbang Realsound  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 374,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFapuc0NsPg	배스킨라빈스 이게바로 민트초코케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 58,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEEFRTtGN_M	Refreshing Fruit Pudding Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 5 minutes, 1 second 848,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8HUkjjwZlk	맘스터치 햄버거 종류별로 먹어보자~!! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 44,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVpDZYAHtE8	양념치킨과 뿌링클소스의 특별한 조합 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 1,046,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj1rwGo0hYc	라면땅 쌀핫도그 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 74,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irUnQBHJDXg	Had nothing to eat more, so prepared rubber glove eating show ~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 1,206,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8WJmg0EobU	짜파게티와 볼케이노순살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 110,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiNjTomc5wc	Really pretty flower Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show). by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 253,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-n-jaHeyJg	던킨도너츠 글레이즈드 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 98,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJdS5Ne3WZg	[하루대끼 23화] ㅋㅋ페스티벌 한강 편의점 싹쓸이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 146,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KekG-cVgo0	Real sound eating raw Chodang corn~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 261,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0LQgJG7Q0I	Mukbang of king crabs which richly tastes~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 564,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mm1iqecFNAs	엽기떡볶이에 중국당면추가는 기본이죠! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 133,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77An7J4Q_vA	Colorful cup jelly mukbang~!! REAL SOUND social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 1,674,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjG2gZqnCyc	pork belly grilled to a beautiful brown and korean-leek kimchi mukbang~ by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 284,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEpu86pjYak	편의점에 떵개떵도시락이?!  떵개떵 gs25 닭대닭도시락 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 105,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8FrSDjTe8g	ddeonggaeddeong×gs25 harudaekki chicken vs. chicken lunch box mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 211,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBROIuSJJGk	소보루와 튀김소보루에 생크림 듬뿍발라서 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 79,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nZbvxrDg3Y	Kkultteok and Baramtteok Mukbang! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 255,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NHTbP7QdAU	연어불초밥만 질리도록 먹어보자~!! 먹방 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 59,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnQ5WYRBXjQ	Numb spicy Teumsae Ramen and Koma Gimbap Mukbang~!! Real Sound. by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 546,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSGpvy4bNOk	애플망고수박 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 43,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJT9BkG9xdk	Raw Squid and Abalone Mukbang~!! Authentic sounds social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 342,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFwzs5HMxi4	허니콤보와 5가지 소스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 53,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjchPfWu0lA	Rice with fried eggs, all you need is fried eggs for your meal. by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 332,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsZn_u2S2VA	참외같기도 메론같기도한 양구메론 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 38,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSi7Yp4ljb8	Dice Candy-Rock Candy Mukbang~!! Real Sound (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 682,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MV6Ry3YyiU4	중국에서 훠궈와 꼬치구이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 94,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wevLpXId6s	A combination of spicy Sinjeon Ddeokbokki and Honey combo. Eating show~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 552,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wKaz8E_L5U	치즈가득 치즈돈까스와 끝내주는 국물 교동짬뽕 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 71,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHJGo44OjdM	Melona and Malang Cow eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 1,484,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yjEd5qeraM	개떵이 유명한 양동통닭 야방먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 4 minutes, 39 seconds 78,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu_uWFwMLWE	맛있기로 소문난 궁전제과빵 종류별로 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 40,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSPu_6kueG4	The four-flavored crepe cake eating show~!! Real-sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 506,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg2q9nWYrFA	치즈가 가득찬 치즈볼과 타코야끼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 41,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvMisGpD8AI	The get-together of delicious Jjapaguri and 1st class Korean beef flank! beef flank Jjapaguri by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 385,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdDfJqP009k	여러가지 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 67,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoq5hnFMXSo	[하루대끼 22화] 가마솥 햄폭탄 부대찌개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,995,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv5Y8TWaDKI	I really wanted to eat dumplings, so I ordered them by type! Many dumpling eating shows~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 236,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuaAV1G1iK0	Eating pudding till I get sick 'n tired! King Sized Pudding Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 2,349,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ki3Om7c1Ec	김밥나라 열무양푼비빔밥과 계란후라이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 81,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkLNRS8v6Rk	Beef tripes and Pork Entrails Mukbang~!! Authentic sounds social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 1,024,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYPvKtCml-w	초코와플과 크리미츄 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 101,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LlROq_73PE	So clear, so pretty!! Konjac(Devil's Tongue Jelly) Jelly Noodles & Slushies Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 966,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpSVsHSc0nY	맘스터치 싸이버거와 교촌 허니콤보의 싫어할수없는 조합!! 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 156,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndkF3UV-n9k	Whole Salmon & Octopus Leg Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 473,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOD0_j1ofKg	달달한 머랭쿠키와 아메리카노 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 50,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-XPlzmKYCs	Spicy Pork Small and Large Intestines Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 227,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt_lZSm3kN8	대만샌드위치 모든메뉴 먹어보자!! 흑설탕버블티, 대만소금커피 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 42,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7bLBEf-bHE	Peach Chocolate Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,088,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PveV8ddAPw	여러가지 추억의 아이스크림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 97,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOhzE3rQ9zg	Spicy big clams, scallops, pen shells Mukbang~! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 707,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt3FJGYr0q4	오므라이스와 진라면 매운맛이 만났다!! 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 81,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2ygy2pmEg8	I became hungry while brushing my hair.. so brush mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes 1,894,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he3zLLVjVyU	배민 ㅋㅋ페스티벌에서 먹방을 찍다!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 49,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP0COwFx8rw	Cuttlefish season is back! Whole cuttlefish sashimi Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 383,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMhyg1fWZd0	디저트가 맛있는 투썸  아이스박스 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 114,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDOw8kJ5IzU	Refreshing Bean Soup Noodles with Dumplings Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 741,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOTE9BRV6sM	왕닭후라이드와 양념, 수제버거 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 83,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5Chbtru3j0	Shrimp Corn Cheese Ramen Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 322,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpdD_CGlHAU	여러가지 파리바게트 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 39,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgjqYyoJ2Ys	Realistic-looking watermelon jelly Mukbang~!! Realsound social eating Mukbang (Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 680,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SODXmHzKZHs	마피아 떡볶이와 모듬튀김 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 63,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=war6azCRbik	설탕이 듬뿍 뿌려진 치즈스틱과 츄러스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 85,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AYxPd2MCf0	[하루대끼 21화] 통삼겹 듬뿍 들어간 봄소풍 도시락 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 395,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AwRO_T0M2c	Golden olive chicken thigh and Jamaican chicken thigh mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 873,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMH_9WdA95c	Watermelon jelly which looks like a real watermelon mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 689,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktAwzw59Y8s	비오는날 간짜장만 5그릇 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 195,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5B6JsncU-qQ	Marinated Crab is not only Rice Thief! Mukbang of Rice Thief Pickled Shrimp~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 414,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ew5Kc4UwiGI	전통고로케, 바베큐치킨 고로케, 엄마랑 장볼때먹던 고로케 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 85,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LySitN7UxMI	Steamed white rice cake made from Binggrae banana milk Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 369,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcZTEG2Ez7I	신전떡볶이와 참치김밥, 크림치즈볼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 148,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbfe9aBtpPg	Mukbang of Cart Bar Snacks in front of School~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 416,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvljtTYoXLs	달달한 초코 케이크와 아메리카노 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 60,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8l015PbgPc	Viyott Choco Ring Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 344,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNA0MS3Vzis	밥이랑 잘 어울리는 메뉴들 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 51,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e28-OgvPy70	리얼사운드 웃긴영상 모음 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 1,339,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EcSBK7WqmQ	못난이 꽈배기 핫도그 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 81,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJOl3q03AGw	자메이카 닭다리와 자메이카 볶음밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 121,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsz8YYMilbQ	Tiramisu Crêpe Cake Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 524,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdAX4xUTQh4	Mukbang of Bluefin Tuna Flesh and Sea Grape~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 1,628,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQwiAcDRyog	매콤한 비빔냉면과 속이 꽉찬 왕만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 95,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBmt8TT0Ox0	Mukbang of Cute Mini Snickers~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 438,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aSeDiEkMdk	떵순이가 준 제철과일 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 40,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkMuViGnaxc	Mukbang of Truffle Oil Spicy Jjangmyeon and Green Onion Kimchi~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 1,493,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnszNoW0x-A	BBQ후라이드, 양념 닭다리와 치밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 62,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPVx4lfONZA	Spicy Chicken Feet and Grilled Spicy Beef Entrails Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 312,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaC9l2-tI9M	오레오 오즈 레드 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 146,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWCEdb_6O9I	A mukbang of a refreshing cold raw fish soup with vegetables and noodles~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 58 seconds 284,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyUJ0jDPUaQ	서가앤쿡 베이컨까르보나라, 게살 오이스터 파스타 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 89,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQET89ZU_SM	Fluffy cotton cheese!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 341,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARltmzIs5p8	늦은밤 떵개의 라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 54 seconds 309,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwDShBBfhRc	Colourful icecream jelly Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 1,382,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3c6YfmyW5u0	벚꽃피치 설빙 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 47,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfcSNUdPaB4	"오늘 밤은 이거다~!!" 리얼사운드 모음 19편! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 803,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LTTlQNSoyw	추억의 소세지빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 61,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG46PuThxrU	Chewy Boiled small octopus Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 1,573,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yl6HKrnA6HI	Mouthwatering salted pollack roe Mukbang~!! Realsound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 544,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMVWmXJ-wys	팬이 보내주신 떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 77,967 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1lrsS-tAWw	The Return of Sugar Cane Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 464,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul8qwGE3l_s	쟁반짜장매운맛과 사천탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 120,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_9Dk-PNQp8	What kind of taste is spicy sourness?! Fire spicy lemon noodles Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 250,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Voayh7ubJQg	떵개의 리얼사운드 웃긴영상모음~! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 3,162,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5LQ79pId30	오랜만에 햄버거와 감자튀김 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 114,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2zMOsckFx0	Petitzel White Coco Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 14 seconds 735,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0yaaVPVX20	트리플 치즈 케이크 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 104,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZRSDMs2LiI	[하루대끼 20화] 반숙 얹은 짜파게티와 군만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 1,137,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FFCVpyTY1s	Buldak Sauce Meat Sashimi Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 814,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgthU7KcJ4M	100 Red-banded Lobster Sashimi Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 455,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aM5wqAC0GuI	황금올리브 닭다리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 105,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JTH58xvZv8	Fire Chicken Whole Pig's Feet Mukbang~!!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 735,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAVdXoanmOA	선물받은 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 65,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gorPuHgYMgU	Delicious Sincham Tteokbokki Dalcham version and Side menu Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 1,071,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCGZaD5Tacg	짜장면이 땡겨서 짜장면만 세그릇 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 48,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okhUvGic9YA	What does raw water sea squirt taste like? Water sea squirt sashimi Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 338,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtaDpAhsrQQ	쇼콜라 롤케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 104,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVrc7bFcbzM	Combination of fire rice cake mild version and cheesy corn dog mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 341,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yakzChiDh0g	3분반점짜장면과 어메이징유부초밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 83,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdtml1YtIEA	Chicken mania's new fried chicken feet Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 378,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53HfLwle_4E	8가지맛 뚱카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 63,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cM6FWDR2bGQ	"오늘 밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 18편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 412,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-L4t6cuEQAs	소떡소떡과 휴게소 핫바 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes 57,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D266JIdOKPg	Okinawa black sugar bubble tea Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 2,297,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQUipbso8Q	뿌링클과 치즈볼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 144,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwgKh7Bye54	우삼겹쌀국수와 김치볶음밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 54,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrylkTJWGA8	Bibimmyeon with seaweed and chojang Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 287,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5O11o9mvq0	Byeolnanbar toktok icecream Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 287,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Va7in6Bz0	타코야끼 한상가득 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 83,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB5YL8nY_lE	Fire chicken cheese rice with lots of fire chicken sauce Mukbang (Eating show)~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 941,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGH_iXSuSsE	물냉면, 비빔냉면과 만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 45,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lT18GhMHsnc	Turkish Delight eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 418,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOVNduC9dIw	대만 샌드위치와 소금커피 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 100,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-6vgbWFvjA	The Mukbang (Eating Show) of a sea cucumber that is good for your health~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 1,960,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BW9pMN_WFRo	얼큰한 열라면과 묵은지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 145,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnSV-dEoO2M	We Tried Vietnamese fruits in Vietnam by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 495,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGh9HPOKfPM	Mukbang of Fried King Crab Leg~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 361,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1p33EmrHgs	Giant salmon sushi with buldak sauce Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 1,179,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1Xce0SWGTM	개떵이가 좋아하는 과일 3종세트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 38,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bM1W-QMKLQo	Raspberry and blueberry Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 1,277,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boRZ3baqRH8	BBQ 양념반 후라이드반, 해시브라운 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 65,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX0BIDAWZ4I	Spicy steamed beef rib stew (cellophane noodles added) Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 411,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZLHOCLDYyg	시루 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 70,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDbaq1AO_pw	Dinosore puzzle eating show~~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 274,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_Ul-qH1m6g	얼큰한 짬뽕과 찹쌀탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 107,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m7ss1VCVPQ	Cheese buldak fried noodles and chonggak gimchi eating show~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 374,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--i_iG9M8LE	돈다발 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 96,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjhhGUL-6KI	4 types of jelly Mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 2,133,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZUkgVEAz0U	가래떡국물떡볶이와 튀김만두, 유부주먹밥  먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 80,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjpjvHYf3c8	Sticky and Chewy White sticky rice cake Mukbang~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 342,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Yoycy4a9lo	생크림 가득한 딸기 롤케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 65,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52mEurKI5oQ	Busan red fishcake and rice cake Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 436,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJGEQrVrnuU	볼케이노 닭다리에 치밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 83,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3xwFzeRD6E	There wasn't this kind of combination until now! Mukbang of durian and rice~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 299,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnyHR4qf1-Y	7가지 맛 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 38,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llNGNpNjrRE	a bunch of money cake Eating Show~~!! real sound eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 654,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLZpa_q1yeo	흐르쥬퐁듀 시카고피자, 치즈오븐스파게티 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 53,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvyJQvEdOzU	Mukbang of the 1st grade special cuts of tuna with 300,000 won worth~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 31 minutes 2,866,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8AdTvQXWNM	달걀 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 103,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTCa9mLQKr8	Mukbang of cream pasta and cheese ball~!! Real sound social Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 616,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS4kLz1la7c	치즈가 가득 찬 모짜렐라 핫도그 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 101,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e480VUjpjwI	Mukbang of canned pineapple~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 370,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5GmYHBEUrs	개떵이의 생일은 만우절?! 생일상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 53,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plRQZkf3Yg0	찰옥수수아이스크림과 찰떡 아이스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 64,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqJV-GTjyHM	[하루대끼 18화] 솥단지 파스타 20인분 & 솥뚜껑 통안심 스테이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 961,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EK3237OOw0	활명수랑 부대찌개 라면에 잘 익은 총각김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 116,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IF4Ycij2_0Q	Mint chocolate Icecream Mukbang~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 668,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECvxePnLa0E	생크림이 가득찬 이마트 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 81,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1C-sUE7zyU	Mukbang of Emergency Room Death Tteokbokki taste and Honey Boneless~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 667,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDEYa-5tj_c	새우초밥 5가지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 54,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUHZv2PIN0U	Cup shape cookie Eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 222,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf48QTtIXkY	두가지 쿄호 젤리 리뷰 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 72,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtD67GOcEKY	Thick pork belly and salary Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 1,515,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nbf0XxJysAw	BBQ황금올리브, 양념치킨과 치즈볼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 82,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6Z_VHrKOeM	Tapioca pearl kyoho jelly Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 514,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ATqe94qF0Q	어릴적 먹던 추억의 아이스크림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 62,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8mhzn3QUKw	Mukbang of dried mangoes bought from Vietnam~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 167,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvNlObkI07M	매운게 땡겨서 엽기신전떡볶이 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 200,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SABzV2Hse3o	톰과제리 치즈케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 241,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrNh3Vuiskw	The recollected seasoned spicy chicken Eating Show~~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 475,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMMcfREe4ZU	야채비빔쫄면, 튀김만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 86,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wzFFK7sJfk	Home-made fruit pudding mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 222,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQjdv4EaUHs	떵개와 쿠독의 두꺼운 삼겹살 먹방~!!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 528,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu2cuV1whZk	Tray Jajang and fried dumpling Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 235,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-I2W9uhRiMQ	청포도 젤리 리뷰 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 170,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Fm8NVwFcc	Soccer shoe chocolate eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 313,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CettSSdPnQo	왕딸기와 티코아이스크림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 68,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aNwdyArvyo	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 17편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 467,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYgSAoeVE-4	탕수육과 바삭한 김부각 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 50,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vnr182c7gcU	Pure flesh Agujjim Eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 260,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOK5Q6wCgKQ	UFO 과자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 102,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6V-p2kanac	Passion fruits Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 1,111,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpM7NlLx32I	너무 잘 어울리는 조합! 삼양라면과 참치김밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 124,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3YdOOfqLL8	[하루대끼 17화] 간장계란밥 & 돼지고기반 김치찌개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 945,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-_SMeVx7QM	Eating show of retro ice cream~!! Real sound social Mukbang(Eating Show). by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 684,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rG3D78fhb_s	So colorful?! Green grape jelly video~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 1,447,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHL1Fzs_AUk	배스킨라빈스 아이스크림과 뻥튀기 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 46,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVE7XQQokfI	Black-bean-sauce noodles with Chinese Sweet Potato Noodles and Bunmoja Eating show~~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 439,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7iF_o5gJaE	5가지 대왕 크로와상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 50,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h69MjWOByqY	Gaebul (Spoon worm) eating show with unique texture~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 407,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjNOtCr6HB4	Crispy outside, Chewy inside, Toasted Rice cake Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 523,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daPsuPUK7uc	뿌셔뿌셔는 무슨맛이 맛있을까요? 4가지맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 69,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VhO4yFCVnA	The Best Tasting Lobster Ramen Mukbang~!! Social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 264,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EgqqB9qy58	꼬막이 듬뿍 들어간 꼬막비빔밥과 두부조림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 79,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI_7Nzrzpg4	홈런볼을 우유에 말아서 먹어봤습니다~! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 91,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V81dEA0dMbY	Big-sized Lobster Mukbang~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 1,302,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FX9zbr3eac	삼겹살김밥, 숯불갈비김밥에  시원한 어묵탕 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 50,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQvzBJCXZ8s	궁전제과 나비파이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 50,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URBa1Nk3QRU	입에서 사르르 녹는 솜사탕 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 315,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6yV2AP22L8	계란후라이 올린 짜장면과 치즈가 가득 차있는 치즈카츠 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 119,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxPfirkIfa0	Spicy Cold Chewy Noodles and Uncut Pickled Radish mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 511,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qt-jocEXQ4	달달한 코코볼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 46,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_mkGDVfqS0	Kyochon Original and honey combo mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 30 minutes 546,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddORuDfxSXk	서가앤쿡 베이컨크림스파게티와 통목살스테이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 62,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOGpIFfrC1w	Taenggeul taenggeul grape jelly eating show~~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 990,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBvdgDBHSGw	궁전제과 공룡알 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 87,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsmiiKYO2fA	DDung Gae' birthday celebration Cake and seaweed soup Eating Show~~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 490,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtm2RGlWhiM	먹음직스러운 딸기가 들어간 각종 딸기빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 56,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eNS6comiJI	불닭왕교자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 80,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b1_M8NgW0U	Keyboard Icecream Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 608,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NL7_RvF_rJU	다섯가지 조각케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 34,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXEYUFGPOsY	달달한 버터오징어 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 54,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxGw5vRWJPc	Pink Pig-shaped Wagashi Mukbang~!! Real Sound eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 428,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6ZgFufpErk	무뼈닭발에 새우가?! 새우무뼈닭발 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 83,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2KOlPqKkmE	[하루대끼 16화] 솥뚜껑 대패삼겹살&볶음밥 먹방~! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 894,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAePHREBIjQ	Braised Kimchee with Pork belly and Rolled Omelet Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 230,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZeLsmBni7k	Eating show of Jjapaghetti full of fried egg~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 1,370,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBygt_A_wjU	[떵개의 골든벨] "더 많이 못먹으면 골든벨을 울린다!!" 떵개의 분식점 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 74,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fynQblhgbFo	Cream pasta and fried milk eating show!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 305,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcXoWiNjMAg	설빙 마쉬멜로 초코브레드 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 56,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPujavpZ2is	Chocolate Crepe Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 505,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TaQtC8gwtQ	한식도시락 3가지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 54,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb4gSFN8DNQ	Lots of cheese on the traditional style chicken~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 31 minutes 924,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYHalGtT0tk	연탄모양 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 93,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPbKtzfaXRA	Happy Ramen Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 409,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYjAlu_seNE	부드러운 연어와  오독오똑 씹히는 전복大 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 179,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N87gdUiI9jQ	Slipper Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 468,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mWYEkrWMBs	떵순이가 만들어준 바나나푸딩 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 111,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wpz--Iw8WCI	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 16편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 1,087,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCZW1WGbQ0U	엔젤리너스 와플 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 77,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9FusrIDt5c	ASMR Nuclear Spicy Noddle and Spam Cutlet Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 451,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWwmvnQVbhA	뿌링바삭치즈볼, 부링치즈스틱, 뿌링치즈볼, 빨간소떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 92,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgGbfipwu78	Various Lip Balm Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 1,196,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eue-SoIQW0M	불닭볶음면과 자메이카 치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 154,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CvB3ZvysOw	Shinjeon Tteok-bokki (Stir-fried Rice Cake) and cute little Mini Gimbap Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 699,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCTmCze-Ilc	국물이 끝내주는 낙지짬뽕과 볶음밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 61,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HojJP4_7vKI	Bburing Cheese Ball, Bburing Potato and Bburing Sau Tteok, 3 combo Muckbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 1,277,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hF6A4foKa58	군고구마와 파김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 55,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXFyBXllH4w	Feel a chewy texture with eyes! Fontteok Fontteok Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 495,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuHwYTs28V8	지구젤리의 가격과 맛은 어떨까?! 지구젤리 리뷰 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 485,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHUnbF4HMKE	Cajun Chicken Salad Wrap Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang (eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 370,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaLNnQ6kqiU	통스팸 넣은 국물불닭볶음면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 139,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFtnYvx-8fk	써브웨이 샌드위치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 102,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWmGEco-QNI	[하루대끼 15화] 뉴페이스와 함께하는 짜장면&탕수육 먹방~! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 259,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k0PRJrnzBE	Colorful Mini Candy Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 714,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nUXzLB4-ug	Unquenchable desire for Spicy Marinated Crab and Soy Sauce Marinated Crab Mukbang~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 988,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4ggPhFfaB8	설빙 딸기 찹쌀떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 99,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRNqrQJF1jg	굽네 갈비천왕에 치밥 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 67,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzGdPuaV0NI	명랑핫도그 여러가지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 161,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJaJpc_vq0s	Chewy Earth Jelly Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 9,748,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg0rWOybI5I	속초 닭꼬치 2마리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 100,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbIgyNlIp0Y	대리석에 구워먹는 삼겹살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 504,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8vmT2Re5bo	Meat sashimi and salmon eating show~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 659,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVD7xoCBvW4	딸기에 요거트와 꿀을 듬뿍~!! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 122,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-b8KiXB_34	짜파게티와 불닭까르보나라의 조합~! 킬바사소세지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 139,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdltJ7uLSEk	Peanut Butter O's Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eathing Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 283,311 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAI1VgQi9gQ	치즈폭탄 치즈카츠 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) 후식으로 사과까지~ by 떵개떵 1 year ago 34 minutes 94,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxvQ-wmHJgw	Crispy fried shrimp Mukbang~!! ASMR social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 479,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvYDISC5qkc	Lego shaped jelly eating show~~ Real sound , social eating Muckbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 672,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DbuWTHsp2s	황금올리브 닭다리와 엽기떡볶이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 130,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZdg-ml_1ac	손이 계속 가는 뻥튀기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 40,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lClakDtfOoY	Edible Glue Stick Mukbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mukban(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 1,922,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lCg2Mw-lis	어니언불고기피자 순살양념치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 48,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d98L5qa5mhA	3가지맛 과일 버블티와 딸기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 119,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1Z0q67W0eU	Steamed Scallops Mukbang~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 383,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpA4lLG24Pw	까르보나라와 치즈돈까스의 느끼한 조합 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 100,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxYZdHp86zk	구독자 300만 팬미팅 기념 다 먹어버리기~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 649,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfiFVbTFRlc	Sticky chewy 'Sweet Rice Doughnut' Mucbang~!! Real Sound social eating Mucbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 671,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtkM9PHtbX0	4 types of dumplings eating show~!! Ottogi X.O. dumpling real sound social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 283,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGT3SJort3I	'Big size Rainbow Hot Dog' Mukbang~!! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 447,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vhu2NmBJ2Kk	매운 쫄면과 삼겹살의 환상의 조합 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 162,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYosNQ8NCQs	Cheese pork cutlet and black bean noodles eating show Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 340,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1rm2yJsb_o	속이 꽉찬 바닐라 크로와상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 48,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xII57SPG60	[하루대끼 14화] 아궁이에 녹인 치즈 특집 먹방~! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 1,089,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ShOG-Ux0xc	Strawberry jelly marshmallow eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 333,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6f6RKF4js8	Three kinds of very spicy chicken ramyeon+ddeokbokki, carbonara, jjajang,and spicy roasted chicken by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 279,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2Mxm6qhcNI	닭꼬치와 여러가지꼬치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 30 minutes 65,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbGhLQN_CIg	Quail eggs with roasted chicken sauce (buldak sauce) Mukbang~Real sound of social eating Mukbang by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 266,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rONaEhcLnUM	소보루찹쌀떡과 찹쌀떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 94,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBiKJrlK5LI	총각김치, 계란, 햄 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 105,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbvnZsTmxmE	Bouncy bouncy of Konjac-muk Mukbang~!! Real sound of social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 306,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6UFoTHpVGM	딸기 타르트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 75,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGIfk8H3GdE	떵강아지와 맘스터치 햄버거 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 99,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-wX_UEpPNo	오늘밤은 이거다!! 15편 리얼사운드 모음 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 350,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwGLrBHkKZE	친척누나집 가게가서 감자탕 배터지게 먹어보자~!! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 314,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc8Kqw7ajgk	Sprinkle Wings Eating Show~!! Real sound of social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 541,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vI6ZLt34X8	맛있는 회가 다 모였다! 특모듬회 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 106,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA2gSNrcKlc	Pizza Hut's Double Garlic Steak & Shrimp, Yeobgi Ddeokbokki social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 32 minutes 251,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk4aR976vJU	짜장면만 5그릇 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 254,834 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERYLZ6WU0pg	[하루대끼 13화] 재료비만 20만원! 대왕 김밥 먹방~! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 569,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHweEet8Vxk	Eating show(Mukbang) of Sashimi of Korean beef with good fleshiness~!! Real sound! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 1,057,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OmXhsc_mEY	못난이 꽈배기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 66,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X4cDCfOE_o	Denture Mukbang~!!  The real sounds of social eating Mukbang(Eathing Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 383,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scPZNmhNLc0	우도땅콩떡볶이, 갈비만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 31 minutes 49,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKSkYU1OAcU	Eating Show of King of Milk Whipping Cream~!! Real sound of social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 2,147,098 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRxj9_NLTbY	뚜레쥬르 추억의 사라다 고로케 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 98,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OlSW1OuKMg	허니콤보와 허니순살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 127,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7THC_vTrrM	투썸 아이스박스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 101,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjq1NNM9EOM	Mukbang of Hot Chicken Ramyeon and Very Chewy Noodles Real sound of social eating (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 588,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0sxb9UE0Lg	입에서 살살녹는 보쌈과 김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 54,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvHPm3kzDoE	King of ribs, Goobne + Cheese, Chapagetti Mukbang, social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 249,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBu40oato9g	왕새우튀김과 쫄면 배터지게 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 170,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqKxb_l1X3M	롤케이크 5가지 맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 59,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dcTK4xe8RA	Revoke Changes in the Potatoes of the Self-Governing Sour Foods (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 390,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d59n8CsumSY	햄버거집의 치킨은 무슨맛일까?! 롯데리아 치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 119,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTpiRcctQDs	과일타르트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 87,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_MDIYnwUHc	Two flavors of Tico ice cream Mukbang! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 1,394,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOHlbOkH5Zg	등갈비와 김치찌개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 103,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFrj_WWlzl0	Eating show(Mukbang) of Sinjeon Tteok-bokki with Chinese cellophane noodles~!! Real sound by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 684,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJR-zyERdR8	이렇게 큰 몽쉘이?! 빅사이즈 수제 몽쉘 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 249,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhtuO8T7sDY	Mukbang of addictive chicken feet and riceba~ Chicken mania's addictive chicken feet real sound by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 375,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiah92S5xKU	[노랑통닭] 후라이드순살, 양념순살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 193,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2gZMq-Wpt0	Smell, that stings your nose!Heuksando-Hongeo Mukbang! real sound social eating mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 1,169,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z7AWO6GT1Y	PC방 전메뉴먹방 오늘집안갑니다 ~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 177,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIklIdfPs50	여러가지 맛 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 107,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwJLd7H-8iU	Shine musket tanghulu Mukbang! Real sound social eating mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 761,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPNmwhehRf8	신전떡볶이와 롱치즈스틱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 170,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYjs_8wFwc8	배스킨 라빈스 스노우모찌 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 147,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fw9ULwU-CgI	Deliciously roasted pork belly and Bibimmyeon MukbamgReal Sound social eating show by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 1,041,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3dSku_UpdY	모듬만두와 삼양라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 59,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmtGVuIqTQk	Dippin' dots, with all flavors~!! Real sound social eating mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 465,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrZwluORb0s	보쌈은 역시 통으로 먹어야죠 통보쌈 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 141,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72RffZC2JGA	[하루대끼 12화] 가마솥에 튀긴 치킨 쌓아먹기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 1,702,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBVGcFqtHW0	Cute Honeybee Mukbang! Real-sound social eating Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 394,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKvFKmcs2u0	롯데리아 치즈스틱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 112,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slqo506dfmk	크림우동에 연어초밥 소고기초밥 계란초밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 50,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txUasKx1TXE	crispy pepper mukbang~!! real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 531,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAYRQW7EFwA	김치치즈 탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 78,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sa_vpruJyLc	진라면 매운맛 5봉지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 127,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fhCA6feDLw	Cut chick marshmallow Mukbang! Real Sound Social Eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,305,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTS5mWieF4s	치즈왕창떡볶이, 고구마튀김, 오징어튀김, 김말이튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 84,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDCiK4fKZos	설빙 딸기 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 82,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDZm6kBOkVo	Soft Strawberry Mochi (sweet rice cake) Mulbang~!! Real Sound Social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 456,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnYsiCTfoWU	구독자 300만명 정말 감사합니다!! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 31 minutes 299,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtLFOypS3hc	Daechang (Beef intenstine)+Volcano spicy noodle Mukbang Real sound social eating Mukbang Eating Show by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 565,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_97p5TcuZA	분식+피자+중국집 + 먹고싶은 메뉴 다 시켜먹자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 31 minutes 106,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j8MZA5fSiQ	Eating Show(Mukbang) of Yeomtong(Heart) sticks~!!  Real Sound by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 309,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ9El2u0oEE	생크림 와플 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 90,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mulI5ejfMM4	Lemon and whipped cream eating show (mukbang)~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 1,195,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noFFMgtRiYY	교촌 라이스치킨 2마리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 167,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-5X4lW7d6s	Eating Show of Tapioca Pearls and Honey ~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 1,330,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIfKL_izUgs	과일 도시락 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 41,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15RuiePgfE4	유로코피자 불고기 고구마피자 버팔로윙먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 30 minutes 58,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Cq5yWWRqug	이마트 치즈케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 114,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ-mXq3YYX0	Sirloin olive pasta eating show~!! Real sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 274,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvNBoIHHuBA	제육볶음에 밥 한가득 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 196,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5d6hNb_jyA	Boiled Webfoot Octopus~!! Real Sound social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 1,938,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJAVxPUl7eU	쫀득쫀득한 식감의 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 107,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yF20X6ABpUk	황금올리브, 양념 닭다리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 180,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXtRBYfzWBg	소소한밤 곤약 카레우동, 칼칼우동 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 241,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRSql8jHb_Q	봉지 왕뚜껑에 통스팸 넣어 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 153,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbnorLWBif8	빅사이즈  코끼리 망고 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 422,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKjG2IztDMM	오랜만에 온 떵강아지와 허니콤보, 소떡소떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 262,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLja_DCxO1M	생크림 크로와상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 63,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKRiFAB0xy4	삼겹 김치볶음밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 459,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0kDBzEia2Q	어묵가득 라볶이와 김밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 52,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQccuButrTE	[하루대끼 11화] 김장김치로 통보쌈 통째로 싸먹기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 629,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jas2dvrceh8	불타롱 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 241,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7p7oQmkkSE	생크림 슈, 초코 슈 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 74,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mkuLe2ZG40	어떤 구두가 마음에드세요? 3가지 구두 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 1,218,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHyJuG8ePuY	등갈비김치찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 103,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTz9qxnSoqc	계동치킨 닭다리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 323,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMgraMCRy5g	당근케이크, 생딸기오믈렛, 초코생크림오믈렛 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 66,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EAuhZGX0LU	짜장면, 짬뽕, 탕수육, 볶음밥까지! 중국집 음식 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 173,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGITKwNHp0w	싱싱한 우럭회 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 268,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT1f3cpvoo	설빙 딸기찹쌀떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 74,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2VHV7htMNg	알록달록 여러가지 보석 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 428,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60C7YQjz5J8	상 가득 육회초밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 151,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qE7VbvALrbQ	아이스박스 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 1,181,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA67MWmqJOs	햄치즈불닭볶음면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 145,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UfW96vabXE	겨울에 생각나는 군고구마 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 58,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJiow7lVf4I	시원하고 깔끔한 맛이 일품인 동치미 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 310,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YEOJRgpcHs	양념 맛이 끝내주는 속초닭강정 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 67,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euANLbMBkUw	브라우니쿠키 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 121,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdesRcbnG9c	킹블랙타이거새우 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 551,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nDx059nReM	짜파게티와 김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 200,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjojwE52r_M	카페오레 아이스크림 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 738,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maOCT1grXPY	CU편의점 우유생크림케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 97,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ta5haWH2LI	단무지김밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 393,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz-zM8yHW_w	묘떡 까르보나라 떡볶이 치즈볼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 72,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdIwepfkc1Y	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Egg Tart and Americano~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 63,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5FxT2SouvE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 Kinds of Chicken~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 365,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RslHypOexfY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sausage rice cake skewer and Takoyaki~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 58,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAMKjCfDvfQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fried pork belly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 485,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYsiShHgnh4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Corn flavor ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 122,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5l7ywHzFMnA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy seafood noodle soup and sweet and sour pork~! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 99,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q60Uh-4xG04	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Honey rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 102,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rDD2oQhcuY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 2X Spicy chicken flavor noodles and sausages~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 760,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoOi2MCkucg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mushroom cream pasta and avocado salad~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 41,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5MuKzQajfQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Choco Pie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 80,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JuGfwHpknA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Frozen Dragon Fruit~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 323,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uQGqClnxUY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with King dumpling beef bone soup, fried eggs, and spam ham~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 96,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4EJPQNikj8	[하루대끼 10화] 갈치낚시 가서 직접 잡은 갈치 요리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 219,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PqhZZcrIWQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various types of tools~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 3,782,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS93fHRohrA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Food sent by a fan~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 58,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N2p9ya8CyM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Three kinds of hot dogs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 85,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TXSwRG5juI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Convenience store food mochi roll~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 77,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIEjGhZe2UM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken feet and rice balls~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 314,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSYGEe3uhtI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Tteokbokki and Spicy Gimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 170,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr2fbz6icyE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black bean noodles~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 423,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeHQ8f7Yp-o	학교 앞 21년된 포장마차 털기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 918,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIR74F5bIvQ	추운 요즘 따뜻한 수육곰탕 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 216,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZvwWk3cgx8	버거킹 통새우와퍼, 불고기 와퍼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 89,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kogykhe14tU	뿌링클 3종 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 734,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxDaXsMwvkU	비빔냉면과 왕만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 158,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBGvh0JLGwI	얼큰한 틈새라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 271,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjGnzRDjitE	가지각색 토핑이 올라간 피자젤리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 196,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZBTToZ4Ug	허니콤보와 레드콤보 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 233,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mKi0IhX-Hs	몽쉘 치즈케이크맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 54,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HldJ-ORiXGQ	여러가지 스노우 모찌 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 696,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_t5ikUdOPQ	추운 겨울 따듯한 어묵탕과 라볶이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 56,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aW2zR-wVwnY	배스킨 라빈스 나눠먹는 와츄원 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 53,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0XeG6rWFAA	돌아온 김장철! 보쌈과 김장김치 먹방~!!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 30 minutes 667,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-yWXnhX_OI	불닭볶음면과 소곱창 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 139,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EatTUrAPBQ4	달달한 초코 카스테라 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 83,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsy-cORvsY0	얼큰한 낙지짬뽕과 중화볶음밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 148,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtx9mxkcWpE	프레첼 머랭쿠키 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 220,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HH-CqJW1OTU	크림팥빵과 크림카스테라 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 48,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiGhaCwibCk	큼지막한 통 파인애플 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 447,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2IlJ5LTT3k	돈까스와 쫄면은 역시  최고의 조합~!! 먹방social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 70,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuFGvuqeAo4	시바견 쿠키 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 51 seconds 62,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iDd7aaIpV4	알이 꽉찬 간잔게장 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 908,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpdSr_TdHOU	버거킹 불고기 버거 10개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 133,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3YNZk96fgY	카스테라 인절미 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 274,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yV1BY9Z267k	붉은빛 부드러운 송어회 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 462,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoW5E_LCF4I	[하루대끼 9화] 양푼이 비빔밥 계란후라이로 쌈싸먹기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 2,363,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9k9gdKbmJE	불닭쫄볶이 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 328,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27phcbYnYp4	화이트 하임 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 82,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sgr_aNaA8iY	맥주 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 5,220,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxlKJn7gOjE	육회초밥과 소고기 불초밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 98,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-ODxjK9N48	고당도 샤인 머스켓 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 144,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2eAdC_t2Xc	다섯가지맛 버블티 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 774,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXn-7bcFSH4	분모자넣은 크림파스타와 치즈볼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 251,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfsGFWOswbw	라면먹방같지만  나무 젓가락 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 3,044,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxeS2FP9HgY	황금올리브닭다리 엽기떡볶이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 285,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEpMFyIaJi4	부드러운 크림카스테라 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 55,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E-JsQZcK3I	분모자 넣은 신전떡볶이먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 1,044,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCe5l9gHk5A	버거킹 너겟 잔뜩 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 31 minutes 77,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwaELNCp6WU	빼빼로 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 85,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3Ma6fy8M0U	켈로그 허쉬초코 크런치 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 531,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7IvrDETM9A	네네치킨 다리반 날개반 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 116,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RldzYaexMto	베트남 분짜 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 307,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyEDcwylmHo	분필과자 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 493,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-H6NO4Ymso	떵개떵순 이번엔 브라질 스테이크다!! 뷔페 털기!! 먹방 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 721,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0_UZiVt4h8	여러가지 과일젤리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 41 seconds 101,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBrf6h6HAI0	1등급 참치 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 2,049,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPSSBsw_JMw	쟁반짜장과 만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 121,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=225ze3gfdbo	마늘빵과 더치커피 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 51,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2AQTb5pi2A	굴보쌈 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 311,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exapHgky4YQ	소금구이와 양념치킨에 치밥!! 라면사리추가 먹방~!!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 104,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpuy5C4FYpI	블랙이오 이마트 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 115,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_aXM0CzkrY	설빙 쿠앤크 구슬 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 628,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dZlOPxcePc	연어초밥 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 106,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTKEjHk4kKg	떵개, 슈달, 감자의 곱창전골집 야방~!! 먹방 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 81,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aN_ZIKzS1u4	과일 핫케이크 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 281,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AXX-upJpKI	홈런볼과 꼬북칩 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 48 seconds 68,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSq8a28wp1g	곱창전골 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 322,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_9i9svYpzs	밥도둑 통스팸김치찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 76,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25EFs6svEiA	과즙 터지는 코로로 젤리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 549,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7fWOf6MWMI	[하루대끼 8화] 토종닭으로 아궁이에 7시간 푹~ 끓인 백숙ㅎㅎㅎ~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 4 seconds 491,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5z9PZeV6GhE	선물받은 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 122,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkZ33SQWknE	뿌링클닭다리와 핫뿌링클닭다리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 1,356,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rki146yN0RY	맛있는 해물라면과 잘익은 김치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 160,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPM7nlqsnSM	겨울에 집에서 까먹는 맛있는 귤 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 89,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1wHQit_DnM	쫀득쫀득한 대창 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 1,559,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hD5CeKo5u5g	가볍게 명랑핫도그 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 129,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnpJyUK1krw	겨울에 생각나는 호떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 62,069 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qovOQBfU_jg	시원하게 얼린김치 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 598,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROfXptQ4yU4	투썸 생크림케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 73,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhfxKq3Mx8Q	촉촉한 초코칩을 우유에 말아서 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 83,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQifCcNB_3E	햄버거와 케이크 젤리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 444,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAdFjojXgUs	불닭볶음면과 통삼겹구이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 160,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owMuwPmHHOM	모짜렐라 토스트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 52,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inAuOXqmmTY	상큼한 체리와 투게더의 만남~!! 먹방 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 583,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0rYzBtVXTw	신전치즈떡볶이와 김말이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 87,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juPz-vku0BA	겉은바삭 속은촉촉!! 마늘빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 66,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePiESECJrk0	불닭떡볶이 2종류 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 507,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls5LBD9BKgc	분홍빛 참치한상 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 32 minutes 115,337 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0j9ADJpzSQ	"오늘밤은 이거다!!" 리얼사운드 모음 14편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 36 minutes 589,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGC3BnAnDuo	입에서 살살녹는 로이스 초콜릿과 엑설런트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 90,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHDGLLGLrFA	두꺼운 중국당면과 불닭소스가 만났다!! 불닭중국당면 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 810,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgxx2w-rovY	개떵이가 가장 좋아하는 계동순살치킨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 139,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=775fCaMgJQ8	콩가루 듬뿍 뿌려진 고소한 3가지 인절미 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 91,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgePhHTHBdU	이번에는 핸드폰이다! 아이폰 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 1,322,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=390a1wsBz6w	빅사이즈 폭탄피자와 크림불고기파스타 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 92,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3V0x44JrCi0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 66,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpaN4laIRxs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Egg ramen~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 264,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsiNUHBLHhg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bulgogi and fried rice~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 40,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ipEoq6nHzI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Apple Mango Cheese Shaved Ice and Injeolmi Whipped Cream Omelet by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 71,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRoUYANhec8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sushi Shaped Gummy~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 460,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDA2OwxSFc0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black Bean Sauce Noodles and Sweet and Sour Pork~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 201,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQa7MGYe5ww	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Seasoned Fried Chicken and Instant Noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 1,035,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuWnn2Hfbrg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Oreo Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 94,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WfkVmx4Pa8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken, Cheese Ball, and Cheese Stick~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 33 minutes 72,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eKICvyhC-I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet fried chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 163,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LPKDCG_1A8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Braised spicy seafood~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 1,554,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uUiILR5qR4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy cold chewy noodles and various kinds of dumplings~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 49 seconds 65,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdTxfvMtrYQ	[하루대끼7화] 아궁이통삼겹김치찜  뿌셔버리기 먹방 ㅎㅎㅎ~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 1,313,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd3WIZodTy0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tools~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 863,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jHKMtvF2Bs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Corn Dog~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 102,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RalxSXmviTk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lipstick~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 1,483,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIW7CWqnYUU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tonkotsu Ramen~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 65,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRmIboZmTlw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gummy Worms~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 253,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HOLX-WgBVM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mozzarella Cheese Log Sliced~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 629,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97pxxjCCz-c	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Notebook Keyboard~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 145,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KpPW2Ot8-c	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Stir-Fried Rice Cake~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 769,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1fHRkX9NPM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 50 Cheese sticks~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 34 minutes 323,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-w2_75Rs58	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Meringue Cookie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 115,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvAC9QHXdw4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Yellowtail Sashimi~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 1,033,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=norljx_tZm4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Abomasum and two types of cold noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 128,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA1UyZkyx9c	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Menbosha (Chinese Fried Shrimp toast)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 419,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3EDNOGS6wE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Churros~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 78,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vOHPa4zqy0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream Cheese Fried Spicy Seafood Noodle Soup~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 485,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Bj0EpcpNLg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Wooden Spoon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 154,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9twjKlBJzo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chinese Glass Noodle Stir-fried Rice Cake and Mini Corn Dog~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 27 minutes 105,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPD84oFBoTY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Coffee Bean Bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 19 seconds 56,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM-OrsC1YN4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Notebook Keyboard~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 907,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98R7-4MIS1E	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bossam, Pajeon and Makguksu~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 20 minutes 79,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rEtfdaYB5Y	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bburinkle Chicken~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 542,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxYn0mia-LY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Royce chocolate~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 178,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPpB3_JW3pY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lamb Rib~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 582,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Kg8YC74ToE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Ramen 5 packs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 190,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VTLRwPnGPU	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Wooden Spoon~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 2,343,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jajDFpE5Fm0	떵.개.순 삼남매 2018월드 한식 페스티벌에 가다!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) 먹방 by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 88,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZzeqAjZ8hs	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) 13~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 30 minutes 979,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRMBi1ai0sg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Glutinous rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 116,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcyVTcqInN0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Stir-fried spicy chicken noodles and spicy dumplings~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 636,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8N9oW46OpCo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Assorted Sliced Raw Fish~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 103,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w_lDMu_QFE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Teeth Jelly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 357,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8s5i9_In3I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Emmental Cheese Cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 239,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XL7q0UIt29k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with King Crab~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 34 minutes 2,503,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RELZdULutE8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Burger King's new menu Chicken Burger~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 33 minutes 65,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66ZGbmUnZqg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 kinds of Korean style sweet pancake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 96,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPa99MPCj4o	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Milk rice cake~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 581,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08CWOtUYdhw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with KFC Set Menu Chicken and Hamburger~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 32 minutes 149,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JawcsRoW7bI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Raw cuttlefish~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 390,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FId8x3cIoKA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Instant hot pot~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 40 minutes 132,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-9XsxqVDmw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Emmental Cheese Cake~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 3,120,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHuV9ISd9DQ	[하루대끼 6화] 명랑핫도그 100개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 760,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUpUQvEIj48	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Wagashi and Rice Cake~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 261,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhL54Bq8kzQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Whipping Cream Mini Muffin~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 56,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVcA9xg3nok	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Carbonara Flavor Rice Cake and Cheese Ball~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 71,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAZfEtDLAoQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Popcorn shaped marshmallow~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 111,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeRkeZJcO0s	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Four-colored spaghetti~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 332,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjE_TKIQOnk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black bean sauce noodle and chili shrimp~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 25 minutes 142,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBpg5v_tmBw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Soy sauce marinated eggs~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 29 minutes 1,407,708 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AucKDd0Fm8w	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Vanilla flavored ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 69,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG8KntNPU-U	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 2 kinds of chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 32 minutes 85,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-WZIJcSSxQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Choco vanilla ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 247,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOKzGiPYBvU	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Nacho chicken~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 26 minutes 400,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlRa0sSHGvY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Boneless chicken feet, spicy beef entrails, rice ball~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 82,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUPg-IROYhM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rainbow roll cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 72,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsFe4tOxM2w	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mini macaron~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 16 minutes 552,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpzoQ8fBQXg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese spicy rice cake, Gimbap, spicy cold chewy noodles~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 150,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfD3GsUlb0A	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Ice sandwich~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 52,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27968rFFL7s	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Instant hot pot~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 40 minutes 377,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_ME6FvOqqw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Grilled cheese and pork belly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 35 minutes 79,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnwkMEqaQNk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Ramen~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 149,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h49affuw4rs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Popcorn shaped marshmallow~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 664,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie8IsBSV0aM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken and Cheese balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 32 minutes 440,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIKA17kqCkI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Braised Pork belly with Kimchi~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 28 minutes 1,330,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4a1TAXHKJV0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Yakgwa~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 93,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_4FYmD-pVM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Button-shaped candy~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 21 minutes 404,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DBNyC8kDyE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shrimp pizza and Spicy rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 30 minutes 128,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z2j0HFHACo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Frosted flakes (cereal)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 70,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyroG4uzi1o	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Small octopus & raw beef~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 437,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFYZ717BliE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Ramen and ripe Kimchi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 96,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFm6wPqemxA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sticky rice pie and watermelon jelly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 110,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNWgiWpJa-k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spanner crab~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 580,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vpi63d3KfTg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Dacquoise~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 69,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-62pkISIhno	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Okra~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 422,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4raymEWJg8	Mukbang with Small octopus spicy noodle soup and deep fried shrimp in spicy sauce~!! by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 153,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI7e9D9xbtA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fruit Mochi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 134,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVc-QF9pcRk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various kinds of 10 pizza~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 45 minutes 262,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRnaWkYcHqA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shine Muscat~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 17 minutes 890,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYEg59GC2SU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Molded Rice Cake (jeol-pyeon)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 15 minutes 97,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmdYbUAVpAs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rainbow Cube Cheese~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 18 minutes 5,021,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uKCE_xYXs8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef Tartare Bibimbap and Cold Raw Beef Soup~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 24 minutes 129,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCOwyx73tNY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Jokbal~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 23 minutes 1,285,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKUuigKFuA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mini fish-shaped bun~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 19 minutes 70,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9E9OlvMsYEI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese tart and egg tart~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 52,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBu60-xl8Dg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sugar churros~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 72,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yo_Z9mMX0I	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Octopus skewers~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 272,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP2K4R-CVNg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Assorted sushi and udon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 1 year ago 22 minutes 81,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2K-aDDhTgc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Oreo Oz~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 89,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05TYtGU7fcw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jackfruit & Toddy Palm~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 335,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKlk7ziVY1I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chapagetti and ripened kimchi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 71,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23Z6HNra-58	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shamue Cookie (Sugar ball cookie)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 144,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAG_39kqy9k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Marinated Crab~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 1,066,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfBHTU9-fGg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Braised Chicken and Deep-fried Seaweed rolls (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 115,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW1Br7qIV-g	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fried tofu~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 317,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rj8XxIfYcN8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Garlic bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 53,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BloQ4kj72e4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various kinds of dumpling~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 51,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cVWR8Eg1R4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Glutinous Rice Cake Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 129,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AjzWWXJGw0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Red Bean Jelly with Fruits~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 185,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sqBPgfi8m0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with spicy cold chewy noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 136,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXBBZyXgp90	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Churros~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 70,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZON0WgdX1c	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Extreme spicy yakisoba~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 666,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbkhSbHvqVk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy rice cake and fried dumplings~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 53,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKBW3RHkJQA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Whole pork belly with cheese topping~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 2,930,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uOgLmj-mAg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Emoji cookie~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,245,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UY2eDetaP7M	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Home run ball (Korean chocolate cookie)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 98,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34Boajph4go	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black bean noodles and Spicy Seafood noodle soup~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 106,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFzit3FvzTU	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) 12~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 853,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kx45JI9HrHE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 275,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONrCmQx41jI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Salted small octopus Gimbap~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 559,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hz2rt9ipbo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two kinds of chicken legs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 167,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R7MymdvWnQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef seaweed soup Ramen~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 354,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Gcat-ts3Bs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) sandwich~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 67,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdAgn7sknY0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kyochon Chicken's Honey Combo~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 136,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7sxmJuUPw8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Songpyeon~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 213,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI_D_fLXkzM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Blueberry cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 57,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFfpDGHIpSk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Korean homemade meal~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 105,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fR2Tw4sL2UI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fruit chocolate~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 346,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2OAjwUZvcg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Giant cheese bun~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 137,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWvDN2A75sw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various food~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 94,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIB3MFurS2k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with glutinous rice doughnuts~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 267,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET3Ngj0-2L4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with doughnuts~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 36,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UntXkf4sc7Q	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spam egg Gimbap(rice roll) and Udon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 60,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEVvfDAubdw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Juicy Gummee Pencils Jelly~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 656,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEdgs0DtCoY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy rice cake skewers~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 374,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcwcNySobbc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Melon bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 119,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eArJebtUUkI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy chicken feet and cold buckwheat noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 124,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRHh0K4f17Y	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black bean noodles and sweet and sour pork~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 681,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUAo-Co1zAU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Crepe cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 75,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ClcqJgn5KI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream pasta and oyster blade steak~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 59,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dcj3wjloSKs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Corn dog~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 435,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWo8FlGQp1k	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet rice and sugar-filled Korean pancake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 99,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58A81j_RMCA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cold raw squid soup~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 166,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbqJyWaJUyE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pudding~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 467,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnRz2-gb02M	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pringles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 79,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-4vPhe64bc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bibimyeon (spicy noodles) and sweet sauce chicken~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 61,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNqpZQhbeRM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two kinds of Castella Mochi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 147,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQu9JnfvTLA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Flower-shaped cookies~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 442,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXZftljJPms	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Instant noodle and egg gimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 153,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXoU15EVEGI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheetos Chicken Drumstick~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 1,325,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4A2rVysw95c	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cookies and Cream Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 52,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozQ4GyQqPCM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 Types of Dumplings~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 81,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-Fw5WnLcgM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Takoyaki (octopus ball)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 125,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NutCRhsHyQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Many kinds of watermelon-flavored food~! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 347,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBwpYmiqUeU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Salmon sashimi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 291,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaNnPVvQ3f0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with corn pie~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 536,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvvSfQXNf08	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with pancake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 67,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-80-FrO-oc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Thigh Burger (Chicken Thigh Burger) and french fries~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 92,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUrwMS3CGuc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Red bean jelly ice cream~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 361,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ueWtGPw0Fo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Smoked chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 157,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu624uqigMs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream pasta and spicy pork cutlet~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 125,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOMcGRdEsdc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 2 kinds of tiramisu~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 68,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2AnYzNV-TI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken and gorgonzola pizza~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 92,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LEFCyaMmfQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Watermelon-shaped wagashi~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 764,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHwI9VCQ8gg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two bowls of Jajangmyeon and sweet and sour pork~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 225,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdf6-Tlz2aI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cacao cream rice cake (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 743,792 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ef5EFJ9wjy4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Deep-fried Shrimp (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 348,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg3cZPUtLQw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Honey Bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 75,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgM1TFQuIec	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy rice cake and various fried food~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 66,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG7VKn3MnIQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Different types of sandwiches~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 91,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpBwnOieenU	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Handmade croquette~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 225,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtf0UYr1u6U	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate-flavored twin ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 78,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcZrvHyk3ng	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Five bags of Sesame instant noodle~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 143,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmF-zibwEJw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry Marshmallow~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 740,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFnqIC3T9xE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Ice Cream Sandwich~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 56,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mV2g3Ji25e0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fried Chicken Leg and spicy chicken roasted noodles (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 141,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R583q72wSQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Coke flavored UFO candy~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 626,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9w0cp-TGSo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Stir-fried beef Tripe~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 405,137 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2656WxcQKI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Frozen Strawberry with Yogurt~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 220,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzlG4mGmCUc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Skewered Chicken with Cheese~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 178,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f75tnT9lnyw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rock candy~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,225,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26E2tIzzYZI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Japanese dessert Yatsuhashi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 94,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnnV-_Wi2_A	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pork belly and fried Kimchi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 440,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GdrXdXsdkQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Popping boba~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 216,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQhzO4mqTI	ASMR Mukbang with Sunfish sashimi (mola mola sashimi)~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 722,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvhVdoAGog4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Macaron~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 146,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-KdGbrAU5E	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken legs and chicken wings~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 109,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Rm2h9D4C2k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sliced cotton candy~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 438,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBLtFmJghlY	하루대끼 5화 여러가지 꼬치 100개 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 965,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Phk4ATih5vM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Boneless cheese chicken feet~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 1,888,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9g3nINNw2t4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Ice Egg tarts and Macarons~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 60,322 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7OQlKCjiJ0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fried rice and chicken ribs with udon noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 96,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqs9komI2a0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sausage rice cake skewer~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 195,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx1ul8LOa74	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Warabi Mochi~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 442,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSafNDtzvOM	Mukbang with Mankatsu (dumpling cutlet) and spicy cold chewy noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 125,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVUgeGdtQXE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cafe's popular dessert~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 72,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpGopq5YqG4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Silvi kimchi and shin noodle~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,270,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T10uPZBeL4s	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream pasta and tomato pasta~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 73,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKhu7aSizng	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sesame leaf wrap (sesame leaf rice ball)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 314,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1yUYtDuGK0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Red velvet cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 84,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um9YA2QkzeM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese tteokbokki and Corn dogs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 190,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Z5YuivPJRU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Several kinds of pieces of cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 53,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_IQgUej9bI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Giant chocolate~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,067,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DqiYnFIlXs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sticky rice Sweet and Sour Pork and Seasoning Sweet and Sour Pork by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 109,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Om-NRrT2euE	Mukbang with Ice cream with strawberry flavor and vanilla flavor that eaten with a spoon~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 107,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8c-aqFKQlm0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Figs and dragon fruits~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 340,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj5DNmtZUVE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Salmon sashimi and smoked salmon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 182,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6uQ2_PE3PA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef Brisket and spicy chicken roasted noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 204,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQZPSA_mBks	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Morning Bread stuffed with Salad~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 71,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fkk9AgD9buA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Red-coloured Braised Chicken~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 401,939 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_zLBIj6MG0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rabokki (Stir-fried Rice Cake with Ramen) and Ribs Dumpling~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 61,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G45yA1cv59U	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mankatsu (dumpling cutlet)~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 466,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHAJNAia-eQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cookies with the shape of Japanese paper money~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 117,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJzVpeoa-yg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken wings and chicken rods~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 87,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdjDgVmuK-w	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with KFC Hot Wings (Spicy Chicken Wings)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 142,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMUIm3RxceE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tape~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 1,312,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lj4Nx2MID4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Edible Paper~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 111,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uM36_F4E6TQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream Tteokbokki and Corndog~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 65,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfNyxw4HXcA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Thigh Burger (Chicken Thigh Burger)~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,359,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCLGWquxDg4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Brownie Cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 138,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNkRUxWs_q4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shrimp Pizza and Fried shrimp~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 106,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFhL8Fff9Oo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese balls sprinkled with spicy sauce (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 716,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bezGZecVa-Y	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 kinds of accompaniments of liquor~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 288,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx1kriXHlc8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Edible Paper~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 807,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1hCNfhkOjI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cookie O Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 78,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0CoUK2ETc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese Stir-fried Rice Cake and Sausage~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 170,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1BPhtl0_5A	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Marshmallow cereal~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 831,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luRsS48GYrk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 4 types of bubble tea~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 231,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sZxyxtcUZ0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Buckwheat Noodles and Dumplings~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 137,128 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9cwceSPuaI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Watermelon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 70,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En0npsg28D0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet and spicy chicken~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 628,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--1QniFJOKg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 59,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5gJJv1IMMM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Macarons and melon shaved ice~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 97,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJfNrgmqZAo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cauliflower mushrooms~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 583,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2pq1nu1NNc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tteokbokki and Rice balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 208,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsoQ3Tcis-4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sausage~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 178,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_GKpqb-eMk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Arrowroot Rice Cake~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 498,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2VYtJ-FlTA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black Bean Fire Noodle and Pork Belly Barbecue~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 166,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duwpg3NeAk0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sea grapes and Flying fish roe~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,699,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFdAsn3GUqM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with twisted bread stick~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 108,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UjQLNe0NKY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tray served Jajangmyeon and sweet and sour dumplings~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 74,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZoFUuGxrWU	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with steamed black tiger shrimps~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,367,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5z0XwtzgZQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 flavors of tiramisu~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 134,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiKbgO4WwMc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chapagetti and cheese pork cutlet~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 194,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjpZRlzpgzg	Mukbang with Injeolmi shaved ice and deep-fried sugar glazed sweet potato wedges~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 78,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iemXkEeRhhs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Injeolmi ice cream~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 388,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-K7PgtQBCE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fried chicken and seasoned spicy chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 121,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4wOlV-TSC0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Molded Rice Cake (jeol-pyeon)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 220,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kvDn2KlcVw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bulgogi with Chinese glass noodles (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 733,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGTErke_nj0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cold Spicy Chewy Noodles and Jamaica Chicken legs~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 150,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssgWhoRiuSA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry Jam Donut~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 118,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4LPuVkmFYE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Edam Cheese~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 4,095,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc0wn_2AV6c	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cold Soba Noodles and Egg Sushi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 70,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDaoyow4Yms	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bacon long cheese stick~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 287,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=412SYeL1O1U	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) 11~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 1,028,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33v-PFnSy3Y	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Volcano chicken drumstick and spicy tteokbokki~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 416,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw6upXpy_3Y	08/06/2018 ASMR Mukbang Random food eating show~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 43 seconds 280,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oFdp_GO3c8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Red bean jelly with fruits (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 547,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOsCcWCunsc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Marshmallow ice~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 556,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEtCUetTexQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Great size glutinous rice cake~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 672,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t3auzx_YHw	[Outdoor broadcasting] A famous snack bar in Busan~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 3,758,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzUFgrKx8bM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Peg top-shaped ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 230,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZNhHH3kGC4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Abalone grilled with butter~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 562,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik8utu7rnfw	[Outdoor broadcasting] Mukbang in a PC cafe~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 1,384,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg4lGgygBuA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bavarian cream churros~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 159,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkhlEtX4SW4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Schweinshaxe~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 900,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Tpa9oGG6Jc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy buckwheat noodles with sea snails~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 141,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW7I76eyse8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cold bean noodles~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 801,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZihXSFFsHI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Makchang and spicy cold chewy noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 125,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyPASZsLAU8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cake bar~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 144,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsbWL_VeVdQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Goldfish jelly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 503,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzESNp8xz9I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Braised Beef ribs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 161,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnoGLeMVnEw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Freeze Drying Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 431,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwqS6MjJIu8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Oreo Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 70,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUcoYkFZYMo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with chalk~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 537,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCsnVGy-C70	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with chalk~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 5,255,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUUo1tQ9k6U	Mukbang BIG Meals a Day : Episode Four - Capsaicin Tteokbokki~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 2,014,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-STmcSD2V4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Different kinds of rice cakes~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 159,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-qnygZBDVc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate mochi and green tea mochi~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,007,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qhz4zd8rfsc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Different kinds of pork cutlet and spicy noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 176,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAy1LPCgZcE	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) 10~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 3,250,098 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFl5jVW-7Cw	[Outdoor broadcasting] Buffet with a total of 250 menus~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 610,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXpg79-6PO0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Foot-shaped ice cream~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,408,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfbcJJXtBxE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Glutinous rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 183,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhjMpHYvtnM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken feet and whole chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 52 minutes 164,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbz_tSlaYek	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pizza Bread~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 765,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpEJhrJ_BrE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry-flavored cotton candy jelly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 126,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1NZEC_fAtI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 tastes Tiramisu~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes 51,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYNfQKMlIF0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 118,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhdzJ4AvHaM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with BBurinkle Chicken leg~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 257,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBwPfvFrLEw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry-flavored cotton candy jelly~! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 570,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvXmRh8Fc2w	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef Tartare Bibimbap and Cold Noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 128,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trz3N9ZiEK0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Ppogeuli(ramen)~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,636,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUhVR6IFD80	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Watermelon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 77,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIJTs0pr854	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chia Seed Devil's-tongue Jelly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 105,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO7JO5mmk_I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Whipped cream Cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 58,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk2mxJfVkyo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chia Seed Devil's-tongue Jelly~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 512,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cfboHQ2IoU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beaded Ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 232,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7BCBW8B3m8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kimchi Cheese Spicy Stir-fried Chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 133,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAhaG9x3SRI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Upside-down watermelon popsicle~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 82,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW4817faE4g	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Southern rough shrimp~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 510,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOITwYIv8Dk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Honey-filled glutinous rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 151,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xMxJKzqCPs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chapaghetti and Egg-Gimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 68,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71sMmxw9Jw4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Laver chips and Soy sauce shrimp~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 831,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tETkHA5CLPg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Vanilla ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 213,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mxB-dVTJrA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Hamburger and spicy Chicken Skewers~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 155,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2UXDuVi-kM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gopchang(Tripe)~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 3,864,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icjTsAYLffg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with colored paper~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 681,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSUJebmvkSg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Melon and Ice cream to eat with spoon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 45,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu8zOKa4keE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with BBQ Jamaica whole chicken legs and cream pasta~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 116,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXU2ZybtG_4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with colored paper~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 5,074,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSoFij6kfTk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with rainbow-colored Bagels~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 84,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfx7jfbRUkA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with black bean noodles and dumplings~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 170,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZpO8ijJC4A	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jujube Walnut~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 190,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4gGqeh2kOU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Whipped cream Roll Cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 76,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoRNSEDbE0g	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cold Buckwheat Noodles and Assorted Sushi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 67,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKoghane0iA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Eyeball Jelly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 10,506,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1jO0TnBLZ0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lipstick-shaped Chocolate~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 379,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwCNO6JfBBA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Boneless Chicken Feet and Tteokbokki~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 198,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QClxNmMJSc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sausage Pretzel and Bubble Tea~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 62,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cTZWxFM58o	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) 9~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 1,642,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPHYxsZAUFc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shrimp Pizza and Tomato Fusilli~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 65,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9W4cUFBtVQ4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Braised Pork belly with Kimchi~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 923,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnUyhGxa4PE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Matcha Warabi Mochi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 161,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSwZBuJAte4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with BHC's Boombastic chicken and Cheese balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 222,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3IKyRRnPf4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Golden Rasgulla~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 948,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyEH2MKpmCA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Macaron from one of my fans~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 89,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eb4pMJoVBlY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet Korean crispy chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 137,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3h6-xg9gAE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rainbow Cube pizza~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 428,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57x7e1w89uA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Haribo licorice flavored jelly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 259,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QwAQOcESeg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy Buckwheat Noodles and Spicy Noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 203,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXT-ipfM4Pc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with KFC biscuit~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 66,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hz3wB_1VVG0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jajangmyeon and sweet and sour pork~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 104,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6YEsvZZqYk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Turkey-shaped cake~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 3,218,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXMTM1_U0wg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Many kinds of corn dogs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 230,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8caQ0kIXPgE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Grilled quail~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 452,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kEsiN0TIP8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Buckwheat soba noodle and salmon sushi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 155,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFPX44-HpV0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheeseball cookie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 143,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qZzQwbLwpw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bunny shaped marshmallow~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 946,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7UVsIb5QX0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Calamansi flavored Choco pie and rice cake pie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 76,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8_dXr2S5_E	[Outdoor broadcasting] Busan International Market Food Tour~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 6 minutes 81,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY10jx6MMHI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Aloe~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,851,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrJGhpGGb3A	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pineapple~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 72,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSLx4N4q4aw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Blueberry cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 49,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKSgVkpC-ok	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef brisket spicy noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 98,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVzfXK1pRkE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 different flavors of jelly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 124,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oD9OXIk_5Nc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gimbap with spicy chicken and cheese~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 701,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEr0Ecjn74w	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Stir-fried rice cake and Lemon cream-sauced chicken (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 147,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YCc3N7fqb8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate Mint Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 92,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkOM7u7GIY8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Grapes Tanghulu~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 838,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R54bBSqsJrw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tteokbokki with hard-boiled eggs in it~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 105,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR3jP2JSH64	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken and Cheese balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 132,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfbSIHBYmzw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kyochon Chicken's Honey Combo~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 264,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGUIkp9CXhk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pineapple Mochi~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 2,062,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUTkKZ2hjyw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Different kinds of Gimbap and Shin Ramen~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 197,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yQI0HwB0NE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Oreo Oz~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 85,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hK8Gboou2SU	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Red beet~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 336,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR18P6SicsQ	Mukbang with Carbo Buldak stir-fried noodles and sweet potato cheese pork cutlet~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 129,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O828DWFJpTM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate from the New York City~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 107,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugv7w2-cXMk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Durian~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,748,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw_KQ5l5dZI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tteokbokki and various skewered food~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 135,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE4U9CMNSyg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Many kinds of fruit~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 45,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z2zH-9jEV8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black-bean noodles with beef deckle (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 1,835,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwN5rukkUpM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 kinds of cup noodle~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 73,955 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKPkzd_l-A0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Many kinds of rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 61,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceByusC6EBY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with mini macaron~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 121,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lt4Y3qL-q4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with rainbow cheese pizza~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 314,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5h1SH6pEnw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with stir-fried spicy pork and young radish bibimbap~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 227,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBld6SVe0aU	Mukbang with [One great meal a day] Episode Three : Pork belly and sausage~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 8,633,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGng02YU3YQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Crispy Doughnut~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 118,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij3ICn5FRFo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rice balls and Ramyeon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 148,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPKU6iIbAYY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Huge Macaron~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 1,521,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIrsxfTfCx4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 121,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie1tEDBlnJs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black bean noodles with hot chicken and fried dumplings~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 184,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdIeXzIZKRg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Little abalone~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,110,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7f8CXGi0J0	Cake mukbang (eating broadcasting) to celebrate 2 million subscribers~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 78,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt_hWpkLk3c	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 48 minutes 238,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gF_IAXxjG3Q	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with BBQ Jamaica whole chicken legs and tteokbokki~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 5,796,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG0v9rMr6yo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Peach~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 105,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXxPobprTvQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jjamppong and Tuna gimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 167,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD34VNNaNe4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Toast with strawberry jam and Nutella~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 68,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go0qHC1kYRg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Korean chicken noodle and kimchi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 79,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCH4BpBnIuk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Honey~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 1,921,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXeymvQW7ew	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with UFO candy~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 466,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKqLAfjDsTo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Peking duck~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 307,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwD40lQOX18	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicago Pizza and cream pasta~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 177,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LYbdS4NWI4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Injeolmi red bean porridge~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 48,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD0yAARiXKg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two kinds of chicken fried rice~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 456,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJGvDRp-tGo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet seasoned fried chicken and hamburger~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 45 minutes 128,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AzRWft8D0Q	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with River Snail~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 370,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPVVuXjWvJg	[Outdoor broadcasting] Korean snack restaurant mukbang~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 2,315,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym0Cjbbd5nM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Matcha Warabi Mochi~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,655,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QytCZMt-GUc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Japanese twisted arrowroot starch rice cake~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 83,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUQnAW2l6bA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy chicken feet~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 1,131,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGy0Ddy9bxo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lobster claws~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,066,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9LK3XmI2kk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cherry~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 56,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5FXsidWP8c	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pork belly~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 138,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J9t3WCjMC8	[실시간 생방]떵개먹방 [피자나라치킨공주] 통새우불고기피치세트 순살피치세트 by 떵개떵 Streamed 2 years ago 1 hour, 35 minutes 154,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynhZgT8QvEc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream pasta~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,036,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8giRBAIosig	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Corndog~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 95,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5R1Jvbb_Hc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy tteokbokki and cheese balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 341,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GAKDGsAF-0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with UFO candy~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 2,833,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAdwvBJ6i3M	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate puffs and White cream puffs~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 50,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gt3q44nsURo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet seasoned fried chicken and spicy cold chewy noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 57,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCPRjMW7TkY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Brick-shaped Dalgona~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 2,331,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUeGG2ATsnA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Nectarine~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 79,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9klknhSgG2g	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 5 bowls of black bean noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 227,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTy3Wq8u4iA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Brownie Ice Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 44,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK8z8VpulqQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Frozen Pomegranate~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 535,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ar6GU-9DEg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Snack Stands Special~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 117,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCqdVFQaDjk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Extremely spicy Silvi Kimchi~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 5,247,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj42oDgMQIg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Baumkuchen~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 129,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zmOELUz1Yg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Seasoned spicy chicken and instant noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 3,702,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8jnXAbvaSs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spicy tteokbokki and corndog~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 1,761,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTWGQoenRro	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Melon Ice flakes~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 73,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAliJQ9NAeQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various kinds of drumsticks of a chicken and sweet potato sticks by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 116,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpph0Tfb_SI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with green tea crunky~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 671,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNKnFAAie6Y	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with North Korean style rice cakes (injeolmi)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 98,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6zUBHj2aos	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Boiled pork (bossam) set~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 80,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxGDxKaoaNs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Waffle and whipped cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 50,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJcNmMUfw8o	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sausage rice cake skewer (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,178,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfypQXYhbr8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various hamburgers and french fries~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 91,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amtpOiyUegw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Macaron ice cream~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 2,382,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QbJa0yccxE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Salad bread and sausage bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 178,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjWrPIUJPjI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream shrimp and shrimp chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 147,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyVamyWu4zQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black mango watermelon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 90,069 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3Y1K5ffvPs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Deep-fried milk~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 643,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw2dkZe09KI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Spam kimbap and udon with deep-fried food~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 93,654 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMEPvOsE46E	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 4 kinds of bubble tea~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 292,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xqbLbRIYsw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with carbo fire chicken noodles~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 661,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzHVRqQ2ZQo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 kinds of cold noodles and King-sized Dumplings~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 74,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Caa0DzoyfM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rainbow cake with my cousin~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 94,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_IU8827knSA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Big-sized bear jelly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,153,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPWuKX8pcv4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Korean-style Chinese food with my cousin~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 137,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBRVFsgSIqQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Salmon and octopus~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 440,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOdShZfUX88	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Seasoned seaweed~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 579,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khV6KXgfX2g	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Stir-fried rice cake and cheese pork cutlet~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 193,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXyNO4d9FB8	[Outdoor broadcasting] Eating show at Internet cafe with younger sister~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 273,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VimTlxtURD8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Churros with whipped cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 131,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyI2PGvxb5U	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with bubble canned food of Taiwan~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 478,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4GptLcB7F4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with XXXL Size pizza and cream pasta~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 78,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfU30AGWDH4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet brownies and milk~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 168,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3pgpA-T1II	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Big size smoked chicken legs~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 1,216,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggsYjDKLZkg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jjamppong and little Gimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 929,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ayzyBZlGcI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Memories' turtle ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 153,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1OY5m0Jeb8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various dumplings and mixed noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 108,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wpit6rHOHU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [Japanese snacks] Marusei Butter Sand~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 84,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAJbyIywxA0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Harajuku Mochi Matcha~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 436,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQQWDgl8lPA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mark Meal (combination of convenience store food)~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 463,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ubObbqKqRE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Charcoal grilled chicken skewer and sausage~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 99,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSFVOOXHeMo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Big size spam~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 2,118,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bgtw3HrpYNU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese balls and takoyaki~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 157,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vacBKLTKq58	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sapphire grapes~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 117,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt78fJ-twQA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Emmental cheese eating show in New York (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 5,248,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSwxte8DKic	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shrimp udon and spicy Gimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 115,834 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrMegBE1qaA	[Outdoor broadcasting] Tteokbokki mukbang (eating broadcasting) at the restaurant~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,067,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkcZSLN_hyE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese bomb pork cutlet~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 3,795,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hf-aWntbRM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sweet macaroons~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 82,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhrg_nI3uXQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two kinds of Cold noodles and Grilled short rib patties~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 96,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzKtMCDS2s0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 1st-grade bluefin tuna belly~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 9,910,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zejb30OiUks	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Black watermelon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 658,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl8SS5xMMwE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two kinds of spicy ramen~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 3,225,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zk7szsWQUE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [One great meal a day] Episode Two : 20 bowls of Jajangmyeon by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 3,165,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3P0w_aK_fSg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kaya toast~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 73,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2JWZfqKHKQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with pounded rice cake with red beans~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,145,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtOLGMHYnhw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tomato spaghetti and egg sushi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 94,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbKA2hP534g	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tomahawk Steak~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 2,276,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RGPrAL01MA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Crust of overcooked rice (Nurungji) Cream Bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 99,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvIf4Eb1D0w	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pigs' Feet and Buckwheat Noodles~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 234,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58dvCoM3lag	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Egg tart and apple tart~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 81,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PCVfelC9PE	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Raw lotus root~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 614,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtkJveJ62Ko	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken feet soup and rice balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 82,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aWH4MDBbHY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Traditional fried chicken leg~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 1,028,091 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=241fdoJz5ZY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gold kiwi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 62,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6qx7puL0xc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Abalone and various sashimi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 141,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4OAxMUd6YI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Very hot Songju spicy cold noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 1,894,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpF_TICyOvk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Korean melon and orange~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 43,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsWzp8w1zS4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chicken and tteokbokki~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 197,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQf1alW_GlI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sliced cotton candy~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 144,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mtm7EHYMISk	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sapphire grapes~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 1,047,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYp8EexQBrk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Directly roasted pork belly and cold noodle with spicy sauce~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 121,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KfPji5iv7U	Announcing the results and winners for the five-chicken event! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 58 seconds 48,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_BBb2vPTss	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese egg bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 46,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxfY_Eez4lI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Magnum ice cream~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 2,296,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJtS0FCK1eQ	Mukbang with black soy bean sauce noodles, sweet and sour pork, boiled dumpling~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 78,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zv0J_6U-v3k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lobster tail~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 2,862,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_G-U5R2uC0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 21cm cheesestick~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 218,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLwnon5FIlE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [Burgerking] Barbequed beef burger with french fries~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 132,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfb3ZAI73qQ	[Event for five chickens] Guessing the food after listing to its sound! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 29 seconds 78,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WG5Niog36sw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with A dice-shaped candy~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 5,100,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O67yWSM0vWc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with A slice of Black Forest cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 39,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRLqqDf_XOw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bossam (Boiled pork wraps) and rice balls~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 99,069 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ1Q1_lahyA	[Outdoor broadcasting] Mukbang at Korean-style chinese restaurant with the friend~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 139,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3G6pINVj6g	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry marshmallow~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 585,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhujMp1dUYc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Dragon fruit~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 222,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgGavRSv2Eg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two kinds of chickens and cheese balls~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 52 minutes 237,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ktQ6V0Oek0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef brisket spicy chicken stir-fried noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 1,125,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow823wYk_mI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Three kinds of strawberry drinks~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 53,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwdAgs16k2M	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef brisket Jjageuli and pork bulgogi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 83,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXQhHyNeSjM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream Churros and Chocolate Churros~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 115,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD0SR-aPZAc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cherry Blossom Kohakuto~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 1,034,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3cgySECSuA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Boneless Chicken Feet  and  Rice Ball~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 197,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce3e1U6tR0Q	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mini fish-shaped bun~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 79,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOwdZNh39Ck	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Soy sauce marinated crab~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 1,772,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1st0RcaHY0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lotteria Mozzarella Burger~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 56,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIogDANtQKg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rose-shaped chocolate~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 171,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Npbw3WnBFMg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Berry choco bar and cledor ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 89,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72s0M2Z28XI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Raspberry~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,573,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjDqKeZTqos	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cold jjamppong and kkanpunggi~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 101,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7alBb0SjTns	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Baked donuts and fresh cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 84,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x35IyBTzP5I	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) 8~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 1,212,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCaMAKeA5EY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 3 kinds of chicken~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 119,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XSuYlw0mBc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry glutinous rice cake pie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 63,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWNeuwAGElg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Three kinds of dumplings~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 1,725,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN1wcg1CrGI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Salmon sushi, bowl of rice and udon~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 112,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNk7I5xlCWo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Fish Cracker~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 448,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGiS4emWNgo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Toasted macaroons~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 78,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsUO2iMW3mU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Sandwitch and pizza~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 65,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNs5uWOvrUo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with White chocolate Mochi~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 524,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuQp6eyc-V0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jeju Island tangerine pie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 41,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnY6htIF31M	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Three different flavors of Tteokbokki and assorted fried food~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 127,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uoom6h6mAF8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cucumber gimbap~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 547,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olWF1kMwbtw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Almond pretzel chocolate~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 172,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypNv2tt2biI	[Outdoor broadcasting] Chicken mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 1,020,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv3n9ev_Dhc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry Choco Pie~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 76,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGKdNfMKynY	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gold Powder~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 641,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wW3e2Eakn0E	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate cake from 120-year-old bakery~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 753,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hjEh0kG4I8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kimchi Cheese Sweet and Sour Pork and Spicy Cold Chewy Noodles by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 165,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0PsWJl9uNI	Announcing the results and winners for the five-chicken event! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 49 seconds 50,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk5p-Xiazzk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [Korean cereal] Joripong~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 58,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=porgaHaMdOc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [Goobne Chicken] Sweet Volcano Rice Tteokbokki~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 1,373,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVxjEvXsPxM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Young radish kimchi bibimbap and dumpling soup (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 69,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUvk0rpr6OY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [Convenience Store Snack] Mochi Roll~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 90,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A84o5lRydwA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jumping-rope Jelly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 553,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFkQWOnjyYM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cream Cheese Chicago Pizza and Cheese Sticks~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 302,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GCXE8o97Ho	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Golden watermelon~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 654,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZPZWepkL6g	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolat whipped cream cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 62,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbpPorW_5BU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Beef brisket Tteokbokki and various fried foods~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 85,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nz4429BdxA	[Event for five chickens] Guessing the food after listing to its sound! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 31 seconds 60,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgDKI_6daj8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kielbasa sausage~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 3,359,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEVW0KksO50	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mozaarella croquette~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 120,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aqgdRgZQkc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Yukhoe (Korean-style raw beef), salmon, raw meat Sushi~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 110,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jef2xetDHMU	Jjimjilbang (Korean-style sauna) mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,305,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWWqFZSd130	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese steamed egg~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 797,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdG52nF7Imc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cheese cylinder-shaped rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 74,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pd_ZxaAluZ4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with side dishes arousing your appetite~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 70,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkeN_ehX9VI	Gaeddeong's ice mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 390,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-OBjjcbpkA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pig bar glutinous rice cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 174,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdQCMKpvECc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Soft meringue cookie~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 382,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07ZmjhEVd9A	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [BBQ chicken] Various chicken menus~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 261,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxLf42L9ICU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Takoyaki (octopus ball)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 103,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE0MsLWwr54	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Raw long-legged octopuses in Spicy Sauce (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 400,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlzZCzjPHC8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Charcoal-broiled Sausage and Chicken Skewers by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 98,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPvd8nqdtPY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Strawberry omelet~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 110,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_JAKdIIQRs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Rainbow crepe cake~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 5,573,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyJGtiE8VPw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chinese food~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 229,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R3e20gpCuM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Minions ice cream~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 2,509,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdI8RH1hQZU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with KFC cheese stick~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 150,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZicIexmVwFs	Mukbang with Marinated grill beef, cold buckwheat noodles and spicy buckwheat noodles by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 97,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_qPDnGFkvo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with "Big Marble" ice cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 491,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buewpRb6Ego	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Macaron~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 49 seconds 150,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GTehBKa6DI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cactus fruits~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 1,071,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4Yi7dySoiA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Assorted dumpling and bean liquid noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 119,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIlo9Qi32OA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with the entire menu from Bossam restaurant run by my uncle~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 1,064,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDhCGUOJZW8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cledor Cookie and Cream~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 72,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjNah5DfUoo	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shin ramen Black~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 917,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gSRjbNntdk	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bulgogi Pizza and Side Menu~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 88,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFA6PG0QRoM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gulab Jamun~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 1,073,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOck3dUO2K4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with starfruits in New York~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 421,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZGRgd-d1Ns	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Two servings of beef short plate, spam, fried egg~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 317,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU4fR8u7g1k	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with sesame seed donut~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 53,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RW1tYqRtZ4	Announcing the results and winners for the five-chicken event! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 2 seconds 46,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DcSZ22BLHM	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with LA Dodgers' cheetos corn~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 288,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0LWBp1CNOg	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with MLB food festival with food from 30 baseball teams by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 113,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXqbI9HE3aI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various cakes~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 82,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EztTJDuTnN8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with spiny lobster~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 372,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCxSGKnW_sQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with [One great meal a day] First episode 24 packs of instant noodles by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 4,521,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijxbDSh9o5A	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with KFC chicken and hamburger~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 71,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4V8zZ5lxOR4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shaves ice with adzuki beans~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 60,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYfot6LCi4I	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Cactus stem~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,826,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jHoFQf_5Gw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Soup tteokbokki, wiener sausage and cheese stick~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 160,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iE5e06ydlQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Mantis shrimp~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 347,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auHRuF_EL3I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Coffee bean-shaped bread~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 56,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoqxVwW8Cuc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Bossam, instant noodles and Tteokbokki~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 120,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qtfmi8NcQ1M	[Event for five chickens] Guessing the food after listing to its sound! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 31 seconds 49,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw3aJllLkGc	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Popeye, the snack reminiscent of childhood~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 62,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIy7_-7Hqac	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with marshmallow you can scoop and eat (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 3,001,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyaKhodOV70	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with whole smoked pork belly and five bags of Buldak carbonara by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 197,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-qroOu2KS0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Lychee~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 1,015,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kv3O70Gvq2A	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Colorful tapioca pearl~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,012,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VypBHPPt-zQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Marble chocolate~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 548,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niWgRyBGnlc	Special of ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 3,675,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcbuWbNMNdI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with whole bacon~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 5,393,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mCbWOe2iVs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Hippo-shaped chocolate~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 276,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmBt5H7RrV8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Seaweed konjac muk~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 375,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLK3Grl7n6k	Mukbang (eating broadcast) with [Korean snack] Heim Blossom~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 55,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7aVcIzJRI8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcast) with Haribo snail jelly~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 644,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_RHKaH5Hpo	Mukbang (eating broadcast) with Rabokki, cheese pork cutlet and tuna kimbap~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 162,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Th0RynokO5Y	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with character chocolates~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 248,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHvXYiPzIH8	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kyochon Chicken Red Combo~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 45 minutes 1,088,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSY1HVVlOiI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolate Churros~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 108,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SdigbfuCQQ	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with glutinous rice chocolate Mochi (Japanese rice cake) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 695,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAVJepSurdY	Mukbang with Jumbo sized noodles with black soybean sauce and sweet and sour pork~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 114,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXDqQH2cQhI	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with frozen popping boba~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 508,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2v0dNlDfdU	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with barley bread~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 397,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otJM7mK6lGM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Tteokbokki (stir-fried rice cake) with my younger sister~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 610,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFyaKvNh7NM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Alcohol~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 54 minutes 311,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5TYrpzVcO0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various macarons~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 78,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTLO9QRb8tg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with  mixed spicy cold chewy noodles~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,224,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NdR2NXyIgI	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with double cheese pork cutlet and spicy cold chewy noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 87,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMIygHoCH34	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Kkultteok (honey rice cake)~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 952,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2fep8TXYJA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with steak that my friend and I eat with our hands~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 488,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=te9GwIsnar4	Announcing the results and winners for the five-chicken event! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 41 seconds 40,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHPjXVS1ev0	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Green tea-flavored Bungeo Ssamanko (carp-shaped ice cream) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 70,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpDx-YqOH-k	ASMR Mukbang with A whole seaweed dipped with red-chili-pepper paste with vinegar (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,302,654 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gXFkIF8kjo	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Jjajang buldak bokkeum myeon and king-sized fried dumplings~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 140,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yIsv1YSb8w	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcast) with Black tiger shrimp~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 7,221,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvydADoAkg4	Mukbang (eating broadcast) with Shaved ice with peach, choco injeolmi toast (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 42,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gkka_QK8LNY	Mukbang (eating broadcast) with 10 Teri Burgers~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 85,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tedJRsBY4o	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with KFC Spring Dessert Pack~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes 68,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwP1_Y-qjII	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Assorted skewered food~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 726,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9ULN3p9n7I	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with marinated rib and cold buckwheat noodles~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 118,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF2aOk0vP-4	[Event for five chickens] Guessing the food after listing to its sound! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 24 seconds 49,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3npi1aShliA	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with XXXL size pepperoni pizza~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,548,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDeHoxfqH5o	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Roasted chestnut-flavored Mongshell and caramel-flavored Oh Yes by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 61,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6jL3YraaZA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with bossam and Budae Jjigae (sausage stew)~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 94,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Jl6Rnzi1k4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Traffic Light Fruits Jelly Ball~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,938,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6WAia1GvU4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Pokemon steamed bun~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 45,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8oseRsoJ24	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with bulgogi (barbequed beef) noodle and fresh Kimchi~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 94,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6J1nyZhZAw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Home-cooked giant beef cutlet (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,157,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MC4LJpmx4bY	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various sandwiches (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 71,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9rV6UlXA3E	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with mixed rice with octopus and white Jjamppong~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 92,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpmNlKEL23E	Announcing the results and winners for the five-chicken event! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 3 seconds 61,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7Ybnk78eEE	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Popping boba~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 436,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu_CzxJxVYc	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Grilled cheese~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 998,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSuJ9rmtFwM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with 40 Coconut shrimps, 2 servings of Tteokbokki~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 66,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbPgydVrFx0	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chinese glass noodles Braised Jumbo Shrimps by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 859,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s13AcYMEB8Q	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Shamue Cookie (Sugar ball cookie) (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 132,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36kQkU0ZazM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Various kinds of dumplings (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 104,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jj8chTH0aM	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Walnut Cake~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 58,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrmhIaBcN2U	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with three flavors of Popping Boba~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 4,222,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kqy9_xJNku8	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with two boneless fried chickens, potato wedges and salad~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 53 minutes 85,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGAGgcNi8Ck	[Event for five chickens] Guessing the food after listing to its sound! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 29 seconds 63,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3DJ44aMN9c	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Dacquoise~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 468,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wx0UeaIhzLA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with shaved ice with peaches~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 98,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vB9tThBmIx8	ASMR Mukbang with Mozzarella cheese buldak (spicy chicken) stir-fried instant noodle~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 1,652,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9aOuRJCwno	Mukbang with four servings of cheese Ttokbokki, skewered heart and spam cup rice~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 152,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wha9Hq1-rdA	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Gaeddeongyi's birthday cake~ (April Fool's Day is my b-day...) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 68,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpEVK9iLEz4	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with short arm octopus~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 654,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asCoVy25glU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with all the food served at a comic book cafe~ (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 266,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3hoTxakVTU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with choco crunchy corn dog~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 108,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIFrC6DoyNs	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with tribell paprika~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 1,988,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guCxeXcPaxw	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) Ordering some Chinese food at my sister's behind my sister~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 280,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi_zg7tnyd4	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with four types of skewered food~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 46 minutes 134,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7QbXu0xDGc	Announcing the results and winners for the five-chicken event! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 45 seconds 53,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxBTdTMcW2k	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) various-colored cheese (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 3,116,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgyB6CevyfU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) chocolate-flavored ice cream (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 73,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FAPfj8jJVU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with instant noodle and egg gimbab starting from the morning by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 106,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bocXZi9koEs	ASMR Mukbang with Big size Strawberry Tanghulu~!! (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 3,132,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJisF6P1OyU	Mukbang with cereal (Corn Flake)~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 85,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbQF9Jl8Jgw	Mukbang with three bowls of rice served with Jjajang rice and two bowls of Samseon rice soup~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 130,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plpQjDmxOyg	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Big Bear Jelly (Eating Show) (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,640,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUKI7xtDyjs	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with grape fruit-flavored Big Pie (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 42,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-N_mqv3uK8	Mukbang with spicy chewy noodle, thick white noodle, fish cake and little Gimbab by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 302,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqkx_tNIMGU	[Convenience store food] Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with Chocolat fresh cream cake~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 71,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X4O27aD8qw	ASMR Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with double cheese pork cutlet~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,785,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quu623Zw9cQ	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with five cheese spagettis and two hamburger steaks~!! (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 141,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKEQhnqJeUQ	ASMR Iced pudding mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 379,708 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5t3i4m6cZc	Bread Ttooreu mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 57,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbxAGOXN6P8	ASMR Mint mushroom mukbang (eating broadcasting)~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 396,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdgHL9mo-OU	Mukbang (eating broadcasting) with five bowls of spicy Jjamppong (spicy seafood noodle)~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 277,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRHpxT7GBIA	ASMR [Event for five free chickens] Guess what food it is only by listening to the sound~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 34 seconds 62,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjz4-VFotgA	ASMR Nurungji (crust of overcooked rice) instant noodle mukbang~!! (subtitles offered) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 801,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCECPetUaMI	Meringue cookie mukbang (eating broadcasting)~! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 131,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzEYtVhGlRA	ASMR Ddeonggae's mukbang with the Lotteria's new menu, "Burger Kkeudak"~!! Real sound! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 2,415,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5TRE8QCR7g	Mukbang with anchovy noodle, bibim (mixed) noodle and galbi (reeb) dumplings~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 138,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYUQAXgRvsw	3/23 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 14 seconds 53,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5wtPNEBeDk	라스굴라 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 5,410,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHDovFevZB4	시몬 카스테라 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 51,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY5xd5dAH9U	[파주닭국수] 매운닭국수, 매운안심탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 59 minutes 398,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD_H_NBMHrA	열매 마 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 303,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-8_2wYfxn0	딸기 생크림케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 99,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jI3OcSI3HjI	[피자오래] 페페로니xL, 스위트콘, 치즈오븐스파게티x3, 핫봉 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 49 minutes 134,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm1Ip57GG_M	ASMR stick  ice eating show (man) real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 542,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AAZvXsDicQ	마시는 곤약 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 1,417,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP9ZlBdfg5M	뿌링클닭다리 황글올리브닭다리 양념닭다리 먹방 떵순이출연 ~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 49 minutes 457,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-XrQFKuw3I	ASMR One big salmon. Real sound Eat-broadcast by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 14,725,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYkkNArMmLI	빅구슬 아이스크림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 144,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UbCOFY-p9k	매운삼양라면과 삼양라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 978,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiW81s0iLH0	3/19 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 42 seconds 47,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkJey9rDM8E	귀여운 엄지 핫도그 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 391,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTaVnzVYV9M	싸이버거 5개먹고 후식으로 쌈장라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 69,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6T5zvYI5G4	[맘스터치] 싸이버거x5 감자튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 98,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-lL3iRLvGg	저 누군지 모르세요?????  피시방 전메뉴 먹방 가즈아~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 2,563,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OYL-7fcEvA	부드러운 도미빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 58,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMwiMaaBxzI	여러가지 엿 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 240,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jf_rQ5z7CB8	[킴s등갈비] 매운등갈비, 계란찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 54 minutes 460,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDP7_sULvTo	3/17 포도얼음 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 844,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFti4WCzJF8	신제품 짜짱불닭볶음면 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 875,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwjfglGZKIo	찰옥수수 아이스크림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 85,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=339RTtjiG5A	중국당면 무뼈닭발 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,441,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFi0n4sQqfk	[피자헛]크런치 큐브 스테이크L, 엽기오뎅 순한맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 90,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmRiKch8LLk	허니버터칩 모든 종류 먹어보자!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 88,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OfbzP45ptY	하얀 백년짜장 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 314,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVQmjkbqwSk	[덕성돼지찌개]돼지찌개, 소불고기, 후라이, 스팸 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 108,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLq7xWOy9Go	명랑핫도그 감자핫도그, 먹물핫도그 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 102,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYddayHg4Fg	연근이 올라가있는 떡갈비 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 202,929 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8rVv4SniWU	오징어회, 오징어초무침, 오징어 튀김, 연어회, 광어회 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 46 minutes 54,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiwCRDd4CKI	끌레도르 크림치즈바, 도넛아이스크림 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 1 second 156,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7AV5Inc5l0	뿌링클 닭다리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 15,963,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5WXm9s5N7I	미니스톱 편의점 특집 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 113,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSL_3v6-ezQ	3/12 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 38 seconds 35,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uovNg1Yah5E	가래떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 239,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWcDTm3es40	구슬 설빙 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 465,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhomBDtM4Sc	[중국집]매운쟁반짜장, 깐풍새우, 짬뽕 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 227,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeX1lP9orZc	참치 비빔면 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,117,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8EhYEheQbk	3/10 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 51 seconds 64,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxghypV4JQ0	블리네 샌드위치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 53,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjes4klrmmI	가래떡이 통으로 들어간 통 떡볶이 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 871,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywPkstgJ9Hg	김치볶음밥, LA갈비, 갈비탕 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 70,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYve8fCxE3g	딸기초코파이, 복숭아 후레쉬베리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 82,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqVGLhJt_Ig	호불호 끝판왕!! 홍어무침 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 250,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-Ig27mWRno	[신천불닭발] 불닭면x5, 무뼈닭발x2, 모짜렐라치즈, 누룽지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 186,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcWmIZ-rc2s	새콤달콤한 파인애플 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 52,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJvRF_-7_f4	껍질째먹는 미니 바나나 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 987,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2l93R9rS7g	24시간숙성통바베큐 치킨 4마리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 94,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpPWmK3IdzA	파리바게트 딸기반초코반 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 64,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTNU6oJhWdM	떵개 생일기념 나눠먹는 와츄원 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 821,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUk1F8wxMfo	[상무초밥] 연어초밥, 참치초밥, 계란초밥,쪽갈비, 오리지날바베큐 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 108,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkLClzTuk6M	김치를 튀겼다?! 김치 튀김 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,283,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VPV4s_KzU8	쿠키오 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 57,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDMVabRjejA	아침부터 삼겹살, 참치찌개, 계란찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 46 minutes 113,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLT1z4nY7EU	3/05 얼음먹는 남자의 딸기얼음먹방~!! 리얼사운드social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 421,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGG1oDa4g1M	cu편의점 쇼콜라 생크림케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 80,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9rAdJxiENo	초코 마쉬멜로우 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 3,103,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlB1o6cnVbQ	[불스떡볶이] 불스치즈차돌떡볶이, 연탄석쇠불고기, 오돌뼈, 석쇠구이, 튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 87,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ah8yNA0Opzs	일본의 전통과자 화과자 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 891,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN1PoQUeOqk	느끼한음식특집 베이컨 크림파스타x3, 베이컨 로제파스타x3 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 143,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZCfXjJFhNg	설빙 구슬빙수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 141,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuwcFs-12xU	삐뚤이 소라 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 810,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFBkAhi_TWU	[시코시코] 6가지 우동과 유부초밥, 모듬튀김 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 84,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POuxJHO6OQE	3/02 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 51 seconds 53,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viyk7i0_jfg	바삭바삭한 반미 샌드위치 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 725,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeAk5Dqu6aI	망고스틴 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 682,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbQtcuoMuJk	생크림에 찍어먹는 마늘바게트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 58,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGzb-i1MHDg	연어초밥, 야채카레우동 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 91,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G82VzP7RJmE	[실시간 생방]개떵이 연어초밥 야채카레우동 디저트 바게트+생크림 먹방 by 떵개떵 Streamed 2 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 73,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB3uLG2jTss	2/28 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 30 seconds 53,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68pyIi61IWk	CU편의점 쿠키 생크림 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 135,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Boa7ZaR_6VA	갈비짬뽕 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 504,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p7Mr2rkFhI	등갈비, 양푼비빔밥, 계란찜, 김치찌개 먹방~!!social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 96,308 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWa3F3HK9Ro	직접만든 매운치토스 핫도그 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 3,471,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prh51KExNJI	2년만에 하는 개떵이의 술먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 56 minutes 119,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF8YxKkhwvM	직접튀긴 새우칩 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 304,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_uzQULSVuE	배스킨 라빈스 마법사의 할로윈 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 89,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rZNIA7TWh0	[프로간장새우]새우깐풍기, 새우튀김, 모듬간장, 날치알주먹밥, 비빔공기, 새우머리튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 93,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-siYJhS-dQ	말린 두리안 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 242,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpKwphlNjOc	찹쌀도넛과 딸기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 86,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr-L0lP0rPU	매운틈새라면x4 군만두, 탕수만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 128,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_sBFx9q9YE	삼남매 처음 떠나는 서울여행, 모스버거 전 메뉴 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 441,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_6_sNrWHnI	황금사과 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 328,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o_nopYt44c	소보루 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 71,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmuVJl8Fx2E	참치 비빔면과 모듬 소세지 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 242,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vztJ68SBnho	오도로 초밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 491,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv-LzAZecR8	초코 롤 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 46,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S82WfCT270Q	매운양념닭발, 교촌레드콤보, 주먹밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 85,333 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqNGtMviYCE	팬이 선물해준 한라봉 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 60,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGpo4R3G1_k	바나나 초코 마쉬멜로우 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 1,112,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOy7vl7ZzzU	신전떡볶이와 불고기 김밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 1,351,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjpd6FRUMl0	2/20 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 6 seconds 52,333 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eV9gEWCZGg	짬뽕 짜글이 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 571,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9yHiynyCCo	최고의 조합 에이스와 커피 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 301,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jcb8bAP2fy8	뿌링클소스 치즈볼 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 7,025,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl1Ilj2uUOg	설빙 레드벨벳 딸기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 62,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx1zoAybpUo	개떵이와 떵강아지의 명절음식 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 126,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EZUBy85S-w	2/17 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!!  리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 15 seconds 75,836 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnS9wmWJIdc	껍질째 먹는 귀여운 금귤 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 400,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNUjw4RxwM8	[피자나라치킨공주] 통새우불고기피치세트 순살피치세트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 2 minutes 211,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvDjfEZKAoc	여러가지 조각 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 52,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApQzglM5tTk	오늘 밤은 이거다!! 리얼사운드 모음 6편 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 1,061,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45mJ6SDXAAU	소고기 쌀국수와 모짜렐라스팸계란말이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 57,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_CrT04FLTg	팬이 선물해준 초콜릿 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 76,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYj803nGe_I	설날기념 산적 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 295,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq_nk80Xtss	갓뚜기 3분짜장, 카레, 용가리, 바삭군만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 130,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBpgVrnkids	새콤달콤한 딸기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 102,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec2zidC1NQk	체다치즈 틈새라면 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,114,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1xTcyo2u7Q	[날으는전집] 양푼비빔밥, 제육볶음, 홍합바지락탕, 대패삼겹살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 79,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4WAOuKnxt4	죠리퐁 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 64,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snMSfd3RIHs	몸에 좋고 식감도 좋은 톳 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 538,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zR9sknd7ek	불닭볶음면과 고향만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 128,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reEcCcfQKws	2/12 얼음먹는 남자의 얼음 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 594,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHuolB1u3bg	[미소공간]생크림 모찌케이크,밀크티 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 148,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qODps15rRDs	아이스 다쿠아즈 샌드 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 308,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grOF2DFYizk	[족발이땡기는날] 마늘족발, 양파족발, 족발 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 71,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hclW2mXML70	2/11 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 73,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wY5lElE5lY0	썰어먹는 솜사탕 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 3,650,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nQJ9trO-E4	엄마손파이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 68,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BRBr8qhNhw	4가지맛 웰덤치킨 맥주 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 2,913,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6r1q_1C0Fs	[도모다찌] 활어초밥, 생새우초밥, 오도로초밥, 계란초밥, 생선까스x4, 타코야끼, 새우튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 48 minutes 117,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoR2y3FKkSw	생 목이버섯 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 385,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uH1YDfRwGVU	미국식 햄치즈 샌드위치 몬테크리스토 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 55,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8nFkwXR9Hk	신불떡볶이, 김밥, 모듬튀김 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 147,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjmtsRQdczI	2/08 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 20 seconds 58,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbDwScEdpic	코코아맛 허니 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 118,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNi5tVIMHEE	궁전제과 프란체스카 케이크 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 976,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wqzQwds0SQ	[구어조은닭] 순살치킨 [이태리분식집] 크림파스타, 로제파스타 먹방~!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 360,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po0a_BekpoE	허쉬 크리스피 샌드위치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 75,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcSz3YukHwo	싱싱한 생굴 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,901,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXbqfM2f21s	CU편의점 여러가지 메뉴 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 54,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2s5RDdkGeM	겨울에는 역시 집에서 까먹는 귤이 최고죠!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 49,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLmWMaVTMTk	봉구스 밥버거와 육개장 컵라면 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 699,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujwWLl6Xgrs	소금파닭꼬치,  델리파닭꼬치,베이컨메추리알꼬치,  소세지꼬치, 모짜렐라치즈닭꼬치, 염통꼬치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 57 minutes 343,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dzkAu8pg9Y	2/05 얼음먹는 남자의 얼음 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 643,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru_k9pVoasw	뿌셔뿌셔 불고기, 바베큐, 양념치킨 맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 85,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loCy6MPGdFM	치즈 스파게티 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 1,673,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICY_JaIQxUA	[중식] 쟁반짬뽕, 새우탕수육, 매생이굴짬뽕, 군만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 149,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ3KitP1Guk	도라에몽 옥수수콘 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 1,003,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvyGw43dctY	2/04 치킨 5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답자 발표~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 28 seconds 45,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sgnb2SuGJCE	개떵이 친구 막눈과 함께 소고기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 89,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4YttUjAe5A	반달떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 154,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nNafcndqJY	악마의열매 브로콜리 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 383,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8aSPPMPRLM	[맛깔] 특미곱창구이, 모듬국밥,  순대내장, 쫄깃한암뽕순대 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 57 minutes 115,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gw2tSQ1U-vA	[설빙]모짜롱 빠네떡볶이, 쌍쌍치즈가래떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 68,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zps_KiwTPz0	한옥돼지김치찜, 주먹밥, 스팸, 계란찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 99,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k25-lEdtbEY	[토스트칸] 숯불소세지, 숯불닭꼬치, 순살후라이드꼬치, 왕후라이드꼬치, 치즈콜팝 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 54 minutes 402,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiqUzR6J02M	마라롱샤 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,858,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXAgauyKjiY	2/01 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 20 seconds 54,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSru39gv2os	새콤달콤한 귤 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 44,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ9eC8kVCvc	치즈등갈비 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 699,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaubRNIgg2g	55cm 한우육회초밥, 눈꽃갈비초밥, 우동, 김치우동, 라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 83,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzMpuJ0negw	달콤한 망고푸딩 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 133,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvYkbk8NtyA	스트링치즈 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 583,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWS6fMAIRXs	야식으로 삼겹살, 목살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 31 minutes 126,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL-2Bj0LP_k	1/29 얼음먹는 남자의 얼음 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 766,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv_eaglFP-s	홈런볼과 아몬드 빼빼로 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 63,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=794o_b4JwUA	꽃빵과 잡채 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 321,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16YXa0wV_7I	김피탕, 탕수육, 양념탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 77,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KERJq8mW6Wc	오븐삼겹바베큐 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,220,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vflBfrAZKPY	이마트 슈크림카스테라 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 114,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRsTm8zxYFk	쟁반짜짱x2, 오므라이스x2, 물만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 200,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66oNeHQx-F8	케이크2판 먹고 얼큰한 왕뚜껑 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 116,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCK3GQevZlE	오늘밤은 이거다!! 리얼사운드 모음 6편 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 1,393,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06HZp9FX1MI	투썸 티라미수 케이크, 로즈베리 생크림 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 65,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVcyzEE6XF4	1/26 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 발표~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 39 seconds 64,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtLJalUTjHs	미고랭 페다스 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 291,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcOuHwIPnsc	편의점 보름달 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 88,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyNRB65g5X8	잭후르츠 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 888,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PzumqiTp00	[할매닭발]통닭발, 무뼈닭발, 닭날개, 주먹밥, 계란찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 57 minutes 148,480 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9FCLB1VFCk	1/24 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 30 seconds 81,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0dn9zesV4w	나파팜 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,218,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXm-hLC-DsM	첵스초코 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 77,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OZ3-qid-2o	치밥특집 오꾸닭 크런치순살, 까르보나라치킨, 데리야끼순살 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 49 minutes 97,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4N6_lrQGeA	오레오 우유케이크, 요거트 스무디 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 83,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOpn2-sxM9Q	라이스 더블 초콜릿 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 285,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWal91m8RyY	[야미야미] 간장새우, 간장연어,  추억도시락, 간장연어덮밥, 공기밥, 연어초밥, 꼬마물회 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 128,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bhlb1646MY	개떵이가 직접 만든 라면땅 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 98,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cdPZYHuzWE	감자떡만두 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 551,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvpDMlHEgns	[롯데리아] AZ홈서비스세트, 와규홈서비스세트, 한우홈서비스세트, AZ베이컨 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 74,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDxFa0hPifw	김치치즈탕수육 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 917,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-X6xpKLwuM	로가백빙간 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 125,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5sDM67JkGw	불닭까르보나라x4 왕갈비만두 왕교자만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 158,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFh8zZYE7ec	1/20 얼음먹는 남자의 얼음 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 301,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7uoCF4XQq4	직접만든 소고기 초밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 25 minutes 480,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TppiIf3keA	단호박죽과 쿠키 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 31,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq1lWkydtJc	[후라이드참잘하는집] 후라이드치킨, 양념치킨, 눈꽃감자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 53 minutes 152,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_kvdVdhEAM	명란젓 주먹밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 358,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Wc5dfIihMA	[코피발리]베리베리 파르페, 베리베리 요거트, 베리베리 아이스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 76,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3P6TVlx6O0A	[김밥나라] 부대찌개x3, 계란찜, 참치돌솥비빔밥 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 116,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE2XmzAipAQ	파파버블 캔디 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 548,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNX27YgS80U	귤과 쿠크다스 커피맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 46,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRpLbi-7fX0	툴스돈카츠, 치즈돈까스x4, 쫄면x3 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 151,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5c4QWzPRlo	1/17 치킨 5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답자 공개~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 59 seconds 58,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-LiVNMjxUQ	asmr yukhoe naegmyeon(cold noodle with beef tartare topped) realsound foodporn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 714,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kju8xRelZ3w	호떡 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 102,091 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04PBuP93Cmc	ASMR stick  ice eating show (man) real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 588,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jAK3BJ4ET4	ASMR Firework Chocolate Real Sound Muk-bang (Eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 1,884,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWqIxypuDuE	마늘바게트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 54,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=simTXe4m7dA	[집으로통삼겹] 통삼겹살과  비빔냉면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 305,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPYg3IVMZ5M	ASMR Red Turnip Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 565,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbQTjZp7dbA	파리바게트 여러가지 롤케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 67,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po4wtlNwNNs	국물떡볶이와 소고기탕수육 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 161,098 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T11UZ7cFhQY	1/14 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 35 seconds 85,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-s_hs3XYYI	ASMR Various sea food real sound muk-bang (Eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 868,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxtQumxSASQ	돈코츠 라멘 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 72,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqlLHrOwEkU	낙곱새전골, 주먹밥, 계란찜 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 56 minutes 223,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yv4ehPWkzs0	ASMR shocking hot chicken (the hottest chicken) real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,927,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMcEKGwUhXQ	떵개가 좋아하는 홍게 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 160,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTgDlExHhRM	Various pizza breads, Various cream breads, Eating broadcast(Mukbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 93,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bD8UzPOJqVU	ASMR MochiMonaca Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 330,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKLsw3d_m_k	먹는보석 코하쿠토 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 267,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo2BZhfP_ik	Shrimp pizza, Assorted sausages, Creamy pasta eating broadcast (Mukbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 86,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td2kOo8pGvY	ASMR Munching on crunchy and chewy butter shrimp, eating broadcast with a realistic sound. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 413,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHivefx02tw	아이스 생크림 모찌 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 6 minutes, 40 seconds 163,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KFQfLLN20w	the Eating Broadcast of Eel sushi, Beef sushi, Egg sushi, and 5 bowls of Japanese Udon noodle soup. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 98,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5RJmP1GgtU	1/10 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 39 seconds 56,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25Fhnbas5MM	명랑핫도그 신메뉴 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 127,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb7fBaQluHU	ASMR Donkotsu Ramen Actual Sound(Real sound) Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 918,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjldOxxJTy4	매운틈새라면x5, 스팸김밥x3 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 398,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DDWZ_aJ-CU	ASMR stick  ice eating show (man) real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 1,904,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9XaLxUI5vA	ASMR Dried Strawberry Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,547,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmGxxzgz6fc	붕어싸만코 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 65,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4UHbLJcTEU	마왕족발, 마왕갈릭족발, 마왕보쌈구이, 막국수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 51 minutes 81,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmWy9wmB42A	1/08 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 24 seconds 90,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZr_PqloySs	ASMR Crispy Sundae (Fried) Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 308,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJbAXrwQ3Zo	ASMR!  A tteok bokki with 20 eggs!  Real Sound food-eating broadcasts! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 3,286,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afX3GFEVJm0	Sundae, assorted fried food, fried lettuce, stir-fried rice cake eating show. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 50 minutes 177,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrTH8raRHqE	짜장면, 탕수육, 군만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 119,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCcD8gXODJI	ASMR stick  ice eating show (man) real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 579,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1lmBWiE0MI	ASMR Fluffy Flower Wafers Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 579,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoHEjyp4VKw	special course of salmon (food porn) salmon sushi  salmon steak  salmon pasta by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 106,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b6SImVeNBw	1/05 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 34 seconds 65,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P80-R-P_x7A	amsr seasoned cockle real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 23 minutes 1,503,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXOBoCCcjPY	Spicy Rice Cakes, Pizza, and Chicken Mukbang with our Cousin by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 921,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5IFHJ2Ghw	ASMR Pigbar corn dog real sound eating show (Muk-bang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 502,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKAn8D5N2JA	오레오 오즈 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 144,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r0z6klsOY0	1 million YouTube subscribers. Thank you. Party mukbang (Eating show). by 떵개떵 2 years ago 54 minutes 160,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OUmKpX2JI0	1/03 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 42 seconds 81,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0WweYBDZnQ	ASMR Mumeokji(Pickled radish) realsound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 989,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI8tAfB5ERs	Home meal special : Fried egg, roasted spam and  roasted mackerel eating by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 200,128 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X59s7wGaUgM	ASMR Strawberry on a stick real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 7,824,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5NwN5WLC7g	eating show of beef, rib eye, beef rib from early morning by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 107,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6LJVNaiPuU	오뚜기 팥칼국수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 90,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5azSjiKGRY	ASMR Seafood Abalone Realsound Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,111,654 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojk6ab5LJ3Q	Mukbang - 5packs of Carbonara fire noodle and pork belly(samgyupsal) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 249,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCqy387LZ_8	12/31 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 46 seconds 246,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quBRAB-jb1Y	딸기치즈빙수,딸기 허니브레드 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 64,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=behzW0mLmmQ	ASMR 2018 Golden Egg Real Sound Eating Broadcasting(Myuk-bang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 780,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yURh4Qfy3Uk	Special edition on strawberries, Strawberry cake, ice cream and strawberry bread Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 85,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19QsXpfYpSk	12/30 치킨5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답 공개~~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 9 seconds 56,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccJXZWDt1XE	ASMR - Always small octopus Jjampong in winter! Real sound mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 1,166,308 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvC6J2-BDdc	Jamaican chicken drumstick (smoked) and Shinjeon Tteokbokki Mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 1,389,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSHxOgQmpA0	얼큰한 신라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 49 seconds 150,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WCdDtzOm24	ASMR sweet honey-filled Korean Pancake Stir-fried Rice Cake real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 299,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaUmjUcLtqU	Kyo-Chon Chicken Honey combo Red combo(spicy chicken) Eating Show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 55 minutes 78,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Mit8YJ8naA	ASMR  cookie icebox real sound eating show. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,124,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sH8dS-TgHII	셀렉션 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 76,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lshFWlv8G4E	[버거킹] 통새우와퍼, 불고기와퍼, 통새우스테이크버거,불고기롱치킨버거, 갈릭스테이크버거 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 45 minutes 233,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH-_B9tADEM	12/27 치킨5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 48 seconds 64,160 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm-u_t3pKTg	ASMR Cheese chicken nugget real sound eating show (muk-bang). by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,456,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MHYBlVMA_o	Eating show : Roasted pork belly all through the morning by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 153,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3a7ap8QcDQ	고로케 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 72,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBAJaOZKQ7o	ASMR | Real Sound Mukbang: Jokbal(Korean Pork Shank), Pyeonyuk(Korean Sliced Boiled Pork) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 875,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhrPnDHiDNA	Rice wrap special! Pork rice wrap, pepper rice wrap, squid rice wrap mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 132,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ogi3y6SaDnU	12/25 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 196,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPGQbfsZR7U	새콤달콤한 딸기 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 52,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_BQoKY8c04	Real sound chicken drumstick eating show celebrating 10 million views of ASMR.  (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 5,404,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB7QcRWHDgY	흰밥에 묵은지 갈비찜 밥도둑먹방 ~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 55,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyXB9GcE5D0	ASMR live baby octopus real sound eating show(Mukbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 3,576,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti6Ki8XKvUs	[카페블리] 수제토스트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 66,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7h3uqGqUvkw	Kyochon real crispy 3 fried chickens eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 3 minutes 540,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X9b1PLdoQk	ASMR Honey Bread(ggul-bbang) I Bought at a Rest Stop real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 26 minutes 400,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIEujhfrzqM	ASMR Spicy Chicken pasta Carbonara realsound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 2,559,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufooC_hT03Q	Black Bean Noodles, Sweet and Sour Pork, Fried Dumplings, and Spicy Fried Shrimp from Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 304,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZfGLhUyHlw	새콤달콤한 귤 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 37,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dzy_XqGiVRo	eating 5 bags of  jjapaghetti(korean black bean sauce ramen) in the morning. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 98,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3B3uevkLdsI	12/21 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 46 seconds 55,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEf_TCu7MIs	ASMR Sweet sugar cane real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 4,053,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHvwGDETwU8	special edition on Spicy chicken's feet, rice ball, and Cartilage eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 411,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmZQ1bCnGe8	12/20 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 148,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zG4NN6aBfCo	떵개가 좋아하는 스노우크랩킹, 크래미 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 126,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHBTmDaoXNc	ASMR Crunchy vegetable kale real sound eating show (Muk-bang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 580,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yh9C3yz_OlQ	Eating show of Sin-jeon Tteokbokki which is very popular in Korea and assorted fries by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 99,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CLfSECElYo	후렌치파이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 52,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cA04T8NRrxw	ASMR giant Meringue cookie real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 4,555,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_9CGvKb4GU	Many Kinds of Assorted-Jeon KimChi-Jeon Meat-jeon Frozen Pollack-Jeon Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 49 minutes 109,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjbH6uikgYk	12/18 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 31 seconds 58,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogf6p19J6II	ASMR ssamjang(korean sauce) ramen real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 11,733,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwUuBh1wa_8	when getting cold, watch the eating show of Ramyeon and triangular kimbap by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 468,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMnswVdfoGI	오늘 후식은 라면입니다  삼양라면 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 123,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP-0jv1ZxXE	Collection of realsound mukbang of foods that I've eaten until now!! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,158,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv-TPWnT2bU	Cool Mulhoe and fresh assorted sashimi eating show. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 110,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxcmn0pKEpA	투썸 기프트박스, 레드벨벳 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 116,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLRmrYoA120	asmr fried banana and nutella real sound eating broadcasting by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 580,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttw5CHVeEZE	McDonald's new menu hamburger and side menu Mukbang (or eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 57,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z61-G32OrWk	ASMR Homemade cheese spaghetti Ramyeon realistic sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 2,414,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2am6IBUU4lQ	Spicy Rice Cakes and Assorted Fried Foods Eaten On Cold Days Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 122,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oBEKYUDMdI	새로나온 마이구미, 왕꿈틀이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 131,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Asw6dDNGllM	김장김치와 왕보쌈 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 2,581,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJbRSM42kS8	My Favorite Giant Cheese Pork Cutlet and Spicy Noodles Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 106,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8PjVGwGy6U	[커피달링]크림가득단팥빵, 더블치즈크림빵,화이트모카 아메리카노 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 77,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hRs0tycQmI	Chicago pizza with lots of cheese, real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,270,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiNREiHZKSY	[족발이땡기는날] 굴보쌈大, 막국수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 46 minutes 653,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih1CrDoq238	선물받은 쿠키 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 78,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu2ZGTjbJtI	32 drumsticks of Gold Olive Fried seasoning chicken eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 238,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K64SgKTMdGg	12/11 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes 41,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-ZaE0iPHM4	ASMR Mapo Tufu with rice Real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 489,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0j-qRthHhU	맥도날드 딸기,초코,바닐라,카라멜 선데이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 38,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_kvkg_Vz-k	A japanese cuisine feature; the food porn with soba noodles for 5 people by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 117,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZJ-3AN7RlU	홍시요거트 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 45,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytyYAZQMdWw	Real sound eating ASMR with big size crunchy Kohakuto. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 5,724,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK4E_GI0Vk4	One box of sacllops, one box of oyster, and ramyeon eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 2 minutes 298,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eupVA9jhVVc	12/09 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 46 seconds 63,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6OQiH6tF4M	ASMR Coconut Jelly Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,333,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNPvl3ARvas	Mozarella chicken ribs for 5 people and rice ball Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 50 minutes 127,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGGnVa7GUkI	asmr Soy Sauce Marinated Salmon real sound/ mukbang(eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 4,166,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LevbihZsAVY	라즈베리,초코,화이트 롤빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 62,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tieqVUFTMZA	Beef bulgogi braised short ribs that mixed well with rice real sound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 49 minutes 97,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1lPLyJJkBc	12/07 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 165,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AKTFHAul9k	ASMR Chewy Glutinous Sweet and Sour Pork Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,619,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRApVtvEDj0	가장좋아하는 가래떡 명랑핫도그 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 123,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1hrHsCHML0	Today we prepared three sibilings' Meokbang for handmade home cook! by 떵개떵 2 years ago 46 minutes 407,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0A9ikyVddY	asmr oreo churros real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 1,122,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4nCB5n16Xw	쿠키오 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 341,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqjOx89OJ6s	Today’s special is fast food! pizza, spaghetti and chicken 8700kcal muk-bang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 45 minutes 497,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJcuEUOwb3o	12/05 치킨5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답 공개~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 41,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4Ev6V50X9w	ASMR wide glass noodles & extremely spicy "bizzare Tteok-bokki" real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 3,689,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCK3J2Lnk_k	(Dessert) Injeolmi Ice Cream with Chewy Rice Cakes Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 57,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb9LWvqpdX0	Giant Octopus Ramen & Chicken Fried Rice 6800kcal Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 552,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoFRzcjcc2I	ASMR, such a big "dolmen rib" real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 678,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LYNX5zRTPo	파리바게트 찹쌀빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 138,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zuwbWIxWiI	Eating show with pan-fried Korean Sausage for 4 people and lastly fried rice. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 53 minutes 107,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt3-p0VXpYI	파리바게트 샌드위치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 39,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQEqwFPWiYU	밴쯔 덤플링 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 32 minutes 622,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qkyk0JkeEUY	[풍월]문어초회, 나가사끼짬뽕, 왕새우후라이, 스파이스치킨, 메로된장구이, 소고기난반찌게 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 60,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhPIs3ovHB0	12/02 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 43 seconds 56,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkcNNzfJhnc	인절미빙수 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 45,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je_koKawKig	(Subtitle)ASMR: Eating Show of Fresh Uncooked Mushroom which looks like Roe Deer's Hip by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 1,621,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqKxMOGXf7Q	10 packs of fire noodle and 4 packs of dumpling Eating show which is total 9000kcal by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 443,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAE12l10p_E	(Subtitle) ASMR Real Sound 400 Days Lobster 3KG Eating Show/Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 8,132,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDotUxhnaBc	12/01 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 29 seconds 166,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pa_d6sk86A	오예스 4가지맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 69,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MjbMYNU3Jo	My Three Favorite Foods: Spicy Rice Cakes, Chicken, and Assorted Fried Foods - Eating Show/Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 55 minutes 86,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTcg7Y2gnL8	디저트 맛깡패버거 2가지맛 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 48,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVWnHbhcLfg	(Subtitle) ASMR crispy real-chocolate real-sound MUKBANG by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 504,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmNncnqo9LM	Korean-style raw beef special show. Korean-style raw beef  Korean-style raw beef sushi by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 177,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgaNHLX6ms0	11/29 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 1 second 41,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCNyJz1evqY	생크림 빵, 팥빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 217,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IllLOl7QDI	(Subtitle) ASMR great king mozzarella cheese realsound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 30 minutes 7,878,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYs69fTcNQw	five portion of cream pasta and cheese ink pizza eating show (mukbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 74,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWi33VwsruY	청포도 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 49,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kptQ2_eWLc	(sub) ASMR: brand-new dracula ice cream eating show with real sound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 2,209,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0nX20XTUJ4	Food porn of intake of 7700kcal of king-sized pork cutlet and spicy cold noodles by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 205,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeTDJiW9xeU	11/27 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 35 seconds 45,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG97fHFB1pA	[달링]티라문과 코코문 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 43,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZojVGX1QHAM	(Subtitle) ASMR Popular Honey combo chicken real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 6,435,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8u-AK8Ok1k	Samyang ramen 10 packages and 11000kcal egg Gimbap Eating Show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 1,611,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbgaVMb-8C8	11/26 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 136,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMr167d3XA0	ASMR Fresh Salmon sushi 30 pieces real sound food porn( eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 2,314,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNVpezERMCQ	미니 붕어빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 57,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfuZXPL5YYU	kimchi pork soup , spam egg marinated crab eating show (meokbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 904,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viKjKBU_VMM	파파존스 치즈스틱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 119,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03DV7FJK19c	ASMR Ddunggae's favorite whole pickled raddish food porn(=eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 3,980,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1hUoUKXqGY	Sweet Braised Spicy Chicken with Vegetables and Kimchi fried rice eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 50 minutes 101,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlR3nq8snc8	11/24 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 138,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4TpZOs7BJc	식빵에 딸기잼 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 78,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G7xvPBehdA	ASMR, Fish, Half-dried herring, real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 549,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O_1O1iyMrY	tray Jajangmyeon stir-fried Jjamppong Guangzhou from Chinese restaurant  eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 1,056,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYpd4JlqhLs	11/23 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 39 seconds 46,792 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCckhnbs3HU	신메뉴 허니첵스 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 48,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPKYBRReR0M	eating broadcasts (mukbang) real sound 5 pack of hot spicy chicken noodle with carbonara by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 4,252,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPlmMMKrK_Q	Pork belly, Vienna sausage with 5 bags of spicy noodle 8100kcal eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 35 minutes 124,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2efcW9HS_0	11/22 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 13 seconds 212,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iT4QGIGujE	4가지맛 마카롱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 93,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4s6us_VdgiE	ASMR caramel flavor, cheese flavor, chocolate flavor, filled churros, real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,894,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5Vj9FKOT88	Food porn for various kinds of Tower Burgers from KFC and 10 pieces of egg tarts, and fried chicken by 떵개떵 2 years ago 52 minutes 79,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBWpMYdJP7g	무지개 케이크 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 66,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMW9aH7Lwso	수능다시한번 응원합니다 쌀엿 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 310,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfa70OmkOiA	[오빠떡볶이] 김말이, 오징어튀김, 새우튀김, 순대, 치즈스틱, 야끼만두 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 302,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbmmV0v5TjE	11/20 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 60,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSMIOOC2mp0	오레오 오즈와 허니오즈 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 88,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXy6r0WuXL0	ASMR Ferrero Rocher chocolate realsound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 702,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjKNPif5kv8	Food porn of boiled pork and sprout noodles for 5 people since morning by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 73,548 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjTgMzJJfMU	딸기파이 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 125,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5cLHWoalW0	ASMR Chewy CollaB RealSound MukBang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 556,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCB1RxY_BiM	The king of crispiness: 5 servings of "Yellow Chicken(norang-tongdak)" real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 56 minutes 265,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQkWv221CfQ	11/18 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 100,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6iQFTNsUiE	팬이 선물해주신 과자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 48,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIozWwznjPg	ASMR FrankSausage RealSound MukBang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 572,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VqpPTYF5oM	Eating 10 servings of pork ribs and spicy noodles(bibim-guksu) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 133,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd_zS9Tr5yM	떵아버지가 주신 단감 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 66,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4AE_GVn4bw	ASMR(Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response), Passion fruit, Real Sound, Eating-show(Mukbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 1,137,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdX-W6YXLis	Eatin' and streamin' in da chilly day - pork kimchi-jjigae and 3 rows of egg-kimbob. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 166,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cHhLmytaUc	11/16 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 49 seconds 54,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rsQWWkNMj8	하와이안콘 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 80,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE1X9sB26XQ	ASMR chewy stir fried pork rinds realsound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 57 seconds 391,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3hD8z4lbY4	Huge self-made dumpling soup real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 499,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMxeUDSS7Wc	11/15 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 137,141 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOPFvnXObg8	쵸코하임, 밀크하임, 화이트하임 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 87,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syMazwFUMS4	ASMR  bouncy bouncy devil's-tongue jelly real sound food porn(eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 4,806,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he6GiQqxPGE	까르보나라 크림떡볶이 케이준치킨샐러드 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 112,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcEVCB5WK8U	11/14 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 30 seconds 55,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuGoqWz5_9o	아몬드 빼빼로 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 79,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KD-2F-C_eM	ASMR Choco Glutinous Rice Cake Real Sound Eating Show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 956,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfEwyJ9hTZI	Three brother and sister 4 Kyochon rice chickens eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 52 minutes 1,840,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho7EHynadtQ	11/13 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 5 minutes, 45 seconds 104,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQTvxhjStU0	고로케 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 143,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LruLEAAahSc	ASMR steamed spam, pork with kimchi real sound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,672,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf-B5goBrsU	Cold row Korean beaf soup 5 servings and yangpun bibimbap 3 servings eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 33 minutes 62,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cneCqCogW5c	고르곤졸라 피자 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 71,047 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74VnzgqRdcU	【ASMR】 Chewy Strawberry-flavour Grain Ricecake icecream Real sound eating broadcast by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 3,309,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVgBov18t9A	Special sashimi show. Salmon, Abalone, Halibut, Rockfish, Squid eating show. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 135,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH3bwjgMbKA	11/11 치킨 5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답 공개~!! 리얼사운드social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 46,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOZb07gfHjA	ASMR soy sauce ramen realsound mukbang (eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 679,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsTfRiAwhsA	치아바타 샌드위치, 포카치아 샌드위치, 클럽 샌드위치 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 38,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51_C-NC6EtU	Chadolbagi bibimbab & chadolbagi jjigae mukbang (eating show) realsound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 260,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f8znGxflHQ	ASMR Pepero day realsound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 669,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKIeXCzGqRc	11/10 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 2 seconds 93,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhDHUnqevIY	귤 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 73,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTUFhjsy51c	My favorite morning beef-sirloin mukbang. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 127,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyXTRAdSR5A	Radish eating show with real sound ASMR by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 1,298,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yWZGexvr44	11/09 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 28 seconds 47,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhYZwYVM_hg	빵또아와 오레오웨하스스틱 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 47,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol_SImghh3k	eating show (mukbang) spicy chicken feed, deep-fried chicken feet of four riceballs by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 257,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4E3xMraa7no	11/08 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 55 seconds 123,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ikdjv_Ancc	ASMR Spoon Pizza 4 Kinds Real Sound Eating Show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 301,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI6n0JdO598	블랙 망고수박을 통으로!? social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) 먹방 by 떵개떵 2 years ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 271,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ul5uUc2a5Cs	From morning, 5 bags of ramem and 3 convenience store's lunch boxes  food porn( eating show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 100,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JqiFWbjoY0	11/07 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 4 seconds 42,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0dbFmbuHOQ	다양한 빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 79,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbD2bvPH_1E	ASMR Rainbow Cube Real Sound Eating Show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 9,158,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7UTrMrBuFU	Crispy 20 Hotdogs A lot of french fries mukbang(eating broadcasts by 떵개떵 2 years ago 48 minutes 172,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RR0OHi71kI	겨울에는 역시 귤먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 37,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dxx2GyVJwdo	ASMR whelk ring eating show with real sound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 361,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrfKFovU11A	Japanese food special with five bowls of soba and a lot of sushi. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 120,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO1LXAagK7o	11/05 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 37 seconds 130,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBLK-w17PFI	모카모양 모카빵 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 152,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWlz39rVx6o	Eating show Japanese seaweed sea grapes with the real sound ASMR. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 7,035,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPbAR4zjbuY	Looking for really delicious Chinese restaurant, food porn with Jjajangmyeon,Jjambbong and by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 117,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdBpr3Nvvnk	11/04 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 40 seconds 66,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IhSTW25GDI	ASMR stingray real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 271,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wgsBXWXgiY	츄러스 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 167,137 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujRW4GrkXtg	Cheese Special Edition Mozzarella Hamburger Cheese Stick  6400kcal Eating Show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 39 minutes 196,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuE4724C73o	11/03 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 4 minutes, 14 seconds 134,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XrdX-XNfSc	던킨도너츠 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 59,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eb-FRsYJ5M	ASMR eating show of Tteokbokki of chopsticks with real sound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 1 second 880,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nse1uFn_9VQ	eating show of 10 bags of real cheese ramen 7800kcal by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 526,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v1NUhYZCxw	11/2 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드 by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 39,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7viqiwQACg	ASMR seaweed fulvescens real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 3,862,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GakCBWJkLO0	real sound live streaming of eating Gopchang Jigae in a cold weather by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 67,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHRH7EkRbx8	ASMR show de comer filete de Don Spike que comen enteramente con sonido real by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 4,583,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdBIgSdAXTk	Assorted tteokbokki/Tteokbokki platter and little(miniature) gimbap 32lines real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 219,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJJwE0hg4y8	10/31 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 25 seconds 123,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN28n7HU-RA	ASMR Mozzarella hotdog real sound mukbang. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 3,927,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRUNtffrIp4	김치전, 부추전과 수제비칼국수 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 38 minutes 133,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP6e79iN4Lo	10/30 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 36 seconds 51,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTV79cfvsi4	ASMR show with the sound of eating Oreo powder. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 1,979,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIX_9bkWGqU	Set of wings and thighs from 3 crispy chickens, eating room by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 14 minutes 163,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjNrGbyTlMY	10/29 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 39 seconds 94,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JtJ44kPwuo	ASMR Whole trappedge Hororong Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 1,392,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGPks2AwERk	Chinese restaurant jjamppong special edition, 5 real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 272,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-94MPYLpek	10/28 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 1 second 42,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58jJ0RmZdDU	ASMR hot fried chicken real-sound eating show(Meokbang) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 5,425,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm6nb4vKxCs	The eating show of Braised Short Ribs which my dad cooked. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 41 minutes 114,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTGaylFnwBE	Real Sound Eating Show of ASMR's favorite, steamed rice cake (or sirutteok) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 438,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRbi_iA5G3E	show de comer fideo frío y milanesa de cerdo gigante 8700kcal con sonido real by 떵개떵 2 years ago 37 minutes 131,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OJHxiGAxkM	10/26 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 46 seconds 150,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpoG9QiQtHE	ASMR with eating sound. Today I'm gonna crush the ramen. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 692,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5hfK_bwbUM	The best combination of 5 bags spicy chicken ramen with beef entrails eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 209,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3XSif6bOA0	10/25 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 29 seconds 53,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW-lefHXMVo	ASMR Jewel Kohakutou Real Sound Food Porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 8,533,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqp32Ax1lwg	Self-made Korean home dish, real sound eating show. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 890,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqdGaCfK-9c	10/24 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 113,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nS5BE_LaBg	ASMR cheese fried fire chicken noodles real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 5,397,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=golEYtqc8fs	Real Sound ‘Mukbang’ on assorted chicken skewer of 20 kinds. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 4 minutes 97,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QljK6JhUv4	ASMR giant cotton candy real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 1,435,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmP4ZtCMIf8	10/23 치킨 5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 47 seconds 34,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFntRQou8UA	팬이 보내주신 케이크 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 74,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlWl3jaHNvI	Tuna Ramyeon(Instant noodles), Pepper Tuna Ramyeon, Tuna Bibimbab Muckbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 34 minutes 144,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaXo3MRCKr0	10/22 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 47 seconds 132,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0AMOfES-Uc	여러가지 모찌 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 79,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3q8G7kw0bY	ASMR Japan Street Food Dango Real Sound Food Porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 828,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exDvP00CtxE	떵개가 직접만든 비빔밥 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 262,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chj0eIPYc_A	ASMR grilled big cheese real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 2,225,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT1UCVvWIQ8	티라미슈 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 15 minutes 78,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUBbSRqlU18	Video of eating 14 McDonald's Whopper burger (9400 kcal in total) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 47 minutes 189,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1Smq2b6Rbg	10/20 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 15 seconds 62,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McIXCwHLzB8	ASMR Seafood Plate Black-bean-sauce noodles real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 476,929 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6EVTed3frs	고구마호빵과 팥호빵 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 28 minutes 81,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJTlkVn4Tvw	The eating show of 7 rice burgers (Bab burger) and 5 ramens (9300kcal) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 46 minutes 682,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yiMVPQVyxg	10/19 개떵이의 소소한 불행 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 47 seconds 154,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pY5Pj7oYjY	ASMR Seafood Plate Black-bean-sauce noodles real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 1,946,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIrCT_fglF8	에그타르트 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 65,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TavP9itLcgU	Real Sound Mukbang, a hundred-thousand-won beef from the morning. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 49 minutes 124,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jz-lNm4Omc	ASMR yummy potato dumplings and leek kimchi eating room real sound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 19 minutes 1,789,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5BEec9OSz0	[베비에르] 종이파이, 연유줄줄이 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 40,855 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuPhP0vOP7Q	Jamaica Chicke thigh Boom Bar Sticks Real Sound Food Room by 떵개떵 2 years ago 42 minutes 728,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-gGhnw-2_k	10/17 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 51 seconds 40,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uib_qHG7DEQ	귤 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 31,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reykslzatvk	asmr dangi merrang cookie real sound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 18,859,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnabFNBNvGc	Pikachu Korean shish kebab, Yonggary Korean shish kebab  8500kcal real sound food porn by 떵개떵 2 years ago 36 minutes 123,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRkW1PAZpa8	10/16 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes 100,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjInEeCmzLI	케이크 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 52,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNQhGQjKHSo	ASMR stir-fried pork real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 263,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvHfI2niM6E	Super large premium box chili fire rib pizza Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 53 minutes 68,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s72Ru6Fhbns	10/15 치킨5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 27 seconds 53,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCQHY_JYpp4	치즈스틱과 로이스 초콜릿 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 20 minutes 101,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyROG49R5kc	ASMR real sound of japanese snack umaibong eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 378,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_paxeKQArE	삼겹살과 항정살, 볶음밥 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 18 minutes 103,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04SoU-ju77c	10/14 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 59 seconds 129,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCtoNrkQl30	찰떡파이 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 85,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AteN7tITObY	ASMR of extremely spicy chicken feet soup-real sound eating program by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 2,992,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-1MiqRqRjY	추운날에 먹는 이바돔 감자탕 곤드레 감자탕, 미니족발 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 51 minutes 49,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0730Ru19duo	10/13 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes 41,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5IMwS2Tzzo	명랑핫도그 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 118,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y80MV4j7CqQ	ASMR 10,000-won cake real-sound eating-show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 1,751,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vfNi_-pXOE	stir fried chinese noodle, fried rod shape pork and shrimp with chili sauce. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 44 minutes 143,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5m6OP9ax5k	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 115,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMKYh7Qs7zo	딸기와 바나나 푸레이크 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 48,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJmDT0gXgEQ	ASMR Japanese style Natto Rice Real Sound Food- Porn (Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 2,342,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxCS67oeIPA	Real sound food porn of 7 greasy foods with cheese. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 194,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zPmhk_Idhs	10/11 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 25 seconds 64,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b27ijq5FiHY	ASMR sprinkle together ice cream real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 2,827,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zko3q2mPvMw	A special edition of king dumpling very actual sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 55 minutes 101,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af8RQlQk1Oc	10/10 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 21 seconds 139,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyECTcfDCrw	ASMR-made extra big hotdog real sound Food-eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,427,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cro2Hw2UazM	4 kinds of the most spicy chicken in Korea eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 hour, 18 minutes 438,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTM8WqUgtmE	10/09 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 57 seconds 33,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPx1a5o6okc	하겐다즈 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 33,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9en4AVGICo	ASMR crispy waffle strawberry apple flavor real sound mukbang by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,405,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5USdpu9yRY4	5 Zzapagetti noodle, the real sound eating-show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 123,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3DkQDbQ06o	10/08 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 2 minutes, 26 seconds 135,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwA2AOYXB94	나주 배 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 74,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmKkQRHX2zw	ASMR real sound eating show with a red sea-bream sashimi. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 329,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZJJQh23CEE	real sound eating show with a lot of Salmon sushi. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 43 minutes 173,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpNOD2p6KIE	10/07 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 37 seconds 83,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h-cyFWGfPc	Eating Show of 5 types of pizza bread for dessert by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 59,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3nvrcqj6iQ	ASMR Carbonara Real Sound Eating Show[Meokbang] by 떵개떵 2 years ago 18 minutes 7,734,311 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRtMIU9tCws	eating show with Grilled Pork Belly and Spicy Noodles by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 109,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KL-Z8RcBHy4	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 37 seconds 243,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcIHrhOm1Jk	ASMR Stir-fried rice cake with SINJEON :spicy taste real sound eating show by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 9 seconds 2,110,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmiNl8XFwhU	After a long time eating broadcast of a lot of curry. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 31 minutes 224,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVXs7LKLiP4	구독자 70만 기념 떵강아지와 케이크 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 142,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3luL8AAXQI	리얼사운드 모음 4편~!! 먹방  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 16 minutes 738,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zifwMNI7few	불닭볶음면x5, 왕새우만두 비비고김치만두 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 29 minutes 769,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6UxdlP2_JM	10/04 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 17 seconds 117,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nksE48dxpT4	개떵이가 좋아하는 파인애플 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 56,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td49HOFLl4Q	황금감자 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 49 seconds 321,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoBtKaeqNr0	비엔나 소세지, 계란말이, 동그랑땡, 김치 집밥 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 27 minutes 247,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCpqW4dkTOs	10/03 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 3 minutes, 10 seconds 100,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVlfnsso9J8	홈런볼 3가지맛 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 123,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEHc0rtPKqY	참치초밥 먹방~!! 리얼사운드 social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 333,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qz_bsmXEaL4	[한옥김치돼지찜] 김치찜 [족발이땡기는날] 보쌈 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 40 minutes 142,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f820DSIyprA	10/02 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 1 minute, 36 seconds 45,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSCA0gJVs0c	치즈케이크 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 2 years ago 21 minutes 142,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlDFXgQBKU	[ASMR] Mukbang with real sound; 5 packages of Mi goreng noodles from Indonesia  0 by 떵개떵 2 years ago 17 minutes 4,076,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoWfM0tbcNI	Mukbang for 5 dishes of jajangmyeon (black-bean-sauce noodles) from morning. by 떵개떵 2 years ago 24 minutes 140,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmsX8AserwA	[뚜레쥬르] 매직베리케익2호 생크림케익3호 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 33 minutes 189,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IaMD2vtnRA	ASMR KING KIMBAB REALSOUND MUKBANG by 떵개떵 3 years ago 21 minutes 930,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPunwUkboFY	Very Spicy Flavor Moderate Flavor 30 Chicken Skewers Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 36 minutes 157,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ui3tm2QxAU	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 12 seconds 130,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abcwczPAajs	Ramen and Kimchi Mukbang for the dessert by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 99,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E412c12zfZ4	ASMR pomegranate real sound eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 884,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-F8YjMrDrwk	Samkiupsal(pork belly) eating show from the morning by 떵개떵 3 years ago 48 minutes 242,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjtqAgJMXeQ	9/29 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰락~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 20 seconds 88,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oZ4y38Ho3M	라면땅과 건빵 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 18 minutes 134,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2kVyLZjHhc	ASMR one Chionoecetes japonicus jjamppong real-sound eating show. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 1,428,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8SYaPeSsD0	Live brodcasting food fighting! with sirloin cutlet with cheese and curry(In total 8600 kcal!!!!). by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 hour, 5 minutes 249,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzKSE-0YJJk	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 34 seconds 124,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQtyqWpK70M	ASMR Cherry pattern fishcake real sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 345,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3Jr-deWKuY	4000 calories of Dduk bok ki, various fried food, Kimbab, and dumpling food show. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 32 minutes 171,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPtu13Pf5y8	9/27 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes 36,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRThzsH70Zk	ASMR Manggae-tteok(Manggae rice cake) Real sound Meokbang by 떵개떵 3 years ago 20 minutes 436,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cc9wDcRAfWI	Eating boradcasting with 6 dishes of 7700kcal hot ramen and fried egg rice!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 34 minutes 783,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAu5P62LO-Q	블루베리와 요거트의 만남~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 84,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69Hs7u8vlpE	ASMR real sound of Polish sausage mukbang (eating brodcast) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 18 minutes 958,193 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdz3_KoK0ug	The eating show for the five types of cream rose hot pasta. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 27 minutes 62,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6UgawqD3A	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 5 minutes, 7 seconds 73,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfk4-Mmwfnk	카스타드롤 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 71,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI_74vlot8A	ASMR mini apple real sound eating show (MukBang) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 18 minutes 434,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USEZJ1MiJhg	assorted Sundae  Stir-Fried pork intestines with vegetable, 8800Kilo Calories, eating shows by 떵개떵 3 years ago 43 minutes 220,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXFFXfEPZcI	9/24 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 17 seconds 71,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiXfnhGeiEI	ASMR real-sound of conch eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 22 minutes 2,603,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVhKHdJqT7k	Eating show of white rice with spam, eggs, grilled short rib patties, Kimchi stew. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 34 minutes 136,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGl-NBsXunU	9/23 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 125,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPaUoa97nDA	카야토스트 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 72,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sw1cq4kuF2M	ASMR New menu : Crispy rice chicken, real sound Mukbang(Eating show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 3,901,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sR47Xvg7nQ	20 minutes food porn for challenging 10000kcal jumbo ramen. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 681,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozeIzpfAEg8	9/22 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 51 seconds 29,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icBB8yhyTF4	민물가재 크레이피쉬 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 603,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jY5UQ5yzKhs	[뉴욕버거]14가지 햄버거와 사이드메뉴 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 44 minutes 135,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yugkWClYNB4	9/21 개떵이의 불행 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 428,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vNwVKAdSrQ	찹쌀떡 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 115,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub8Vg03fRNo	ASMR Steamed Pork and Kimchi Real Sound Eating Show[Mukbang] by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 3,307,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPZyFiV9KTM	In the morning, Chinese Black Bean Noodles, Donkatsu(Pork cutlet), Omelet Rice Eating Show(Mukbang) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 38 minutes 202,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Z9CjPC1OsE	9/20 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 40 seconds 53,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgbtEn3KfM8	토마토 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 31,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnvdMHFz7Jk	ASMR Jimagugu real sound eating show broadcasts by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 569,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4ZPQKuollg	New Menu Real Cheese Ramyeon 5 Packs Mixed w. Rice Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 41 minutes 149,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VK3Ao50opNM	Live eating show of real sound of spit by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 74,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvJv4vWTvgQ	ASMR Live eating show of real sound of spit by 떵개떵 3 years ago 18 minutes 4,631,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHKF9Kf3pnY	A lot and lot of smoked salmon social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 27 minutes 177,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzWjOdrZld0	9/18 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 97,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZntNTLE9WY	코코아 비스킷, 추억의건빵 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 31,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejz_L7dNRBA	ASMR Park's Real Sound Eating Show[MEOKBANG/MUKBANG] by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 1,191,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK20Ow-Tx9I	Japanese Food (Sushi, Soba, Shrimp Tempura, Takoyaki) Eating Show(Meokbang) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 34 minutes 93,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbHtUri-Wdw	9/17 치킨 5판 이벤트 정답및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 41 seconds 20,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNlXgEc5ehM	eating and challenging show with giant Dongatsu within 35minutes. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 27 minutes 1,030,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuHW_uZ-ISA	asmr Mozzarella Nene Balls Real Sound Food Cam by 떵개떵 3 years ago 20 minutes 862,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17Wo1y86PM0	9/15 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 40 seconds 109,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h5W1OKisHg	ASMR - TRECCIA CHEESE & KING-SIZED CHEESE REAL SOUND EATING SHOW by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 803,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH4eU7y6k9s	ASMR - MEXICANA CHEETOS CHICKEN REAL SOUND EATING SHOW by 떵개떵 3 years ago 21 minutes 8,279,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96lzXL2cTXs	메론 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 57 seconds 44,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ab1bCWUo1gM	9200kcal CHINESE FOOD BLACK BEAN PASTE JJAMPPONG FRIED RICE SWEET AND SOUR PORK EATING SHOW by 떵개떵 3 years ago 42 minutes 218,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNdhbnEHspw	9/14 치킨 5마리 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) ㅊ by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 40 seconds 51,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPymq8nL_04	버블티 치즈머핀, 호두머핀, 초코머핀 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 37,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9rSWAr2gxQ	asmr real sound eating show with Dragon's beard candy by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,469,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHu4zCCCGeY	[밥장인] 부대찌개大, 양파불고기大, 스팸, 계란후라이 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 37 minutes 120,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqn31HNtMZ0	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 119,679 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ynkBECIDQI	ASMR - WHOLE ABALONE INTAKE REAL SOUND EATING SHOW by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 4,191,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPQRAZYCD18	Pudding Yoplait bought in Japan convenient store  eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 50 minutes 59,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNb9wHl1F2g	9/12 피자 5판이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 24,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdRDh3tE7yk	Eating show of dessert Crokanche mozzarella cheese hotdog. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 65,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTj6eomPHP4	ASMR Crab Soup Real Sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 years ago 20 minutes 540,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LY5OzS5LrE	4 Barbecue Chicken with white rice foodshow 7300kc by 떵개떵 3 years ago 46 minutes 92,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htPhBjAQSmY	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 122,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNtejQVdnkQ	신메뉴 메론맛 마가렛트 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 41,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SinCEh5fNc8	(ENG) ASMR soda flaver Mochi eating real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 7,192,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klnSTgZUe2U	Makguksu(buckwheat noodles) and Bossam(pork) 8600 kcal lots lots Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 years ago 31 minutes 139,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uItO_psZrGc	9/10 피자 5판 이벤트 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 52 seconds 55,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ctt-y_BZfdM	수박 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 45,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sg1sdceTnJU	ASMR and real sound eating show of chewy squids' mouths. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 297,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdUEcUJi5DA	(Insanely Spicy) Boneless Chicken Legs for 10 people with Mozzarella Cheese - A 6600kcal Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 47 minutes 547,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZSzL1KM78w	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 3 seconds 143,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYEJvYnImvE	(ENG) ASMR and real sound eating show of many kinds of fish cakes skewered for 4400kcal by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 174,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_f2c-_IyDI	9000kcal Mukbang 43 Krispy Kreme and Dukin donuts by 떵개떵 3 years ago 44 minutes 322,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZUVLHD1MPI	9/08 치킨 5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 36 seconds 32,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QirlybNRmY	크런치킹 아이스크림 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 44,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmL9L7vJ7qc	ASMR eating show with thin roasted pork in real sound. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 20 minutes 2,011,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYXjC7neI4k	eating show with mozzarella cheese Gopchang and cheese fried rice totaling 6400kcal. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 46 minutes 288,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXY8M6-Pgcc	9/07 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 174,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dpbtc1Q0tI	Desert of Supersized Marshmallow and Nutella Food Cam by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 352,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3LuN5NWpfg	Munch Munch, fresh squid sushi real sound food cam by 떵개떵 3 years ago 22 minutes 1,554,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z60vL9DrovM	(Spicy)Shinjeon Teokbokki and Kimbap 7000kcal Food Cam by 떵개떵 3 years ago 35 minutes 458,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XMuEh4VX-I	9/06 치킨 5마리 이벤트먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 16 seconds 56,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sidxZfomEPI	Real sound Food-eating broadcasts of Watermelonics taste Ice Cream by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 8,544,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DiQ-7itihE	eating show of cheese ball, cheese stick, takoyaki 7100k calo by 떵개떵 3 years ago 37 minutes 455,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeTVMYgZVP8	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 39 seconds 177,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXkyN0PMfO4	Social eating show with plain chou, green tea chou, and ice flakes with peach. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 59,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmyJR987jxQ	Roasted vegetable asparagus real sound food porn(= eating show). by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 456,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxP8ncBUrto	eating show to finish sweet grilled chicken with melted cheese and the following fried rice by 떵개떵 3 years ago 48 minutes 165,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCdFig_1Tdg	9/4 치킨 5마리 이벤트 당첨자 및 정답 공개~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 52 seconds 41,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewiaTOHkRlk	Eating Show with savory dessert and sweet confectioneries. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 50,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnRC_B0EUcI	ome-Made Crispy, Crunchy Huge-Ass Chicken Real Sound Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 22 minutes 2,387,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbQuoUoNhs4	Let's sabotage a sushi bar! Eating showdown between food fighters! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 34 minutes 371,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI7VVfvX7a0	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 175,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW82XT3_1hU	dessert  crispy vegetable croquettes, redbean croquettes - food eating broadcasting by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 69,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obCr9yQN8D4	Real sound mukbang(eating show) with spicy ttokbokki (rice cakes) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 422,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLTNh14Wvyo	120,000won worth of New York food-steak, sausage, smoked salmon, gambas - food eating broadcasting by 떵개떵 3 years ago 46 minutes 71,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GULrZbuTc0	9/02 치킨5마리 이벤트 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 3 seconds 96,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FvxStf9miY	스페셜K 시리얼 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 30,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0duoGxESBK4	4 kinds of Tower burger set , Real-sound Eating Video all over the world Tokyo, Paris, Seoul. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 975,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmNzTtWtT7M	Eating live show! Plain neang-myon & bibim neang-myon & fried spicy pork / total 8800 kcal by 떵개떵 3 years ago 42 minutes 97,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrBGbs8YFWE	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 24 seconds 146,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ay8AsxGVCEo	A real-sound eating show of tartare Italien & cube cheese by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 657,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiuZfZmyqAU	A 12,000-calorie eating show finishing 4 Jja Jang Myeons 2 Gan Jja Jang and Tang Soo Yook by 떵개떵 3 years ago 35 minutes 387,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2Yyrje0F84	8/31 피자 5판이벤트 정답및 당첨자 발표~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 1 second 46,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ux_DL3KfAxY	거봉 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 36,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCEpVvUU4v0	Real sound eating show of bibimbap with sauce made of crab's internal organs. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,745,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fh97YB4_odY	Mukbang (Eating Broadcasting) on 13 kinds of Korean food with a total of 11,000 kcal. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 46 minutes 360,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8sxvWnpAIM	8/30 개떵이의 소소한 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 144,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oSKLNOrcGM	Crunchy vegetable salad real sound mukbang by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 2,250,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j8mQOacjI8	Eating show of 3 large pan pizza including plenty of cheese, spaghetti and buffalo wing. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 43 minutes 99,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60cKyItK6Gg	(마감) #구독자이벤트 8/29 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 54 seconds 74,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-WakaUtIpo	미니 투게더 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 33,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRUU0Hd27nI	Korean fig tree fruit real sound social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 1,333,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJaV7Ah39NE	Beef tartare sushi, Rib sushi , and Beef tartare Bibimbap  eating show (= food porn) at Dolmen Ribs by 떵개떵 3 years ago 37 minutes 125,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AV8zxN9QtSo	8/28 개떵이의 하나의 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 58 seconds 152,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EW-Nya7IqOo	신메뉴 돼지바가 콘으로나왔다? 돼지콘 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 55,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ls7f72GfiI	20 very spicy chicken legs Real Sound Mukbang 5400 kcal by 떵개떵 3 years ago 26 minutes 3,014,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNudG57Lkog	당면많이 추가한 찜닭에 밥 많이많이먹자 마지막 밥도비벼서! 먹방!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 44 minutes 154,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mei5SKWwFxY	8/28 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 공개~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 7 seconds 58,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLkfwfK4scM	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 127,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GUsqoIOw7Y	Eating show of corn dogs (hot dogs) with plenty of mozzarella cheese. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 125,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdMklYkz0ro	Royce chocolate from japan- real sound eating video 3000kcal (sticky sound) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 801,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owwXMyzZW2w	4kg Steak Challenge Eaing Show at Japan(100,000 won if fail! Must eat within 30 minutes) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 26 minutes 3,175,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75HM0rVPixo	(마감)8/26 치킨5마리 이벤트 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 55 seconds 107,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_EQo5LjRfA	일본에서 사온 로이스초콜릿과 도쿄바나나빵 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 25 minutes 236,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b42daDNmCtI	Real sound eating show of a chunk of 3kg pork belly on the barbecue. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,351,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfaYIo9A-68	일본여행 다녀왔어요 김치찌개 양푼비빔밥 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 26 minutes 109,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRu0BNrKg68	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 165,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTR9CORLwv0	Real sound eating show of Konjac jelly bought in Japan( apple, pineapple and grape flavor) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 3,071,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg5cuIgcsDM	일본가기 2시간전에 치킨3마리 먹방~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 40 minutes 120,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ki-uPtpkKh0	8.25 치킨 5마리 이벤트 정답 및 당첨자 발표~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 31 seconds 50,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWjRJ-HbDHU	real sound eating show with sweet malang cow ice cream by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 9,690,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFqtH4IuGek	5 Bags of Spicy Korean Shin Ramen Noodles, 2 Rolls of Gimbap, 4000 kcal Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 38 minutes 155,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_VlWmoAHQs	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 37 seconds 168,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g79oa4dCqC0	real sound eating show with McDonald's chocolate pie, apple pie total calorie is 4600kcal by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,512,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx5zkAGzzXY	Crunchy Sirloin Pork Cutlet, Assorted Sausages, 6 servings of Spicy Cold Chewy Noodle Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 42 minutes 177,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU4W3YP799o	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 39 seconds 155,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nz9j0GQg0Ns	오이지 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 737,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMEQnGTq4ms	Brother Broadcast 5kiloThick Pork Fillet Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 hour, 32 minutes 143,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn-sAfU4qkk	(마감)8/20 치킨5마리 이벤트 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라 ~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 14 seconds 136,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J20IfzYd8Sg	Broadcasting with eating diverse kinds of Japanese cookies which are sent by dessert fan. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 20 minutes 45,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtCn6I7gF8k	(fish) real sound eating show with Sliced Raw Gizzard by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 362,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0soiVDEPwBA	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 47 minutes 506,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBc3MlhyS_4	8/19 개떵이의 하나의 불행 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 44 seconds 251,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNH-nMBesic	대왕 작두콩 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 19 seconds 354,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY-CMlbM9-U	(마감)8/19 치킨 10마리 이벤트 당첨자 발표!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 26 seconds 99,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZGQur7zY3U	편의점음식으로 섞어서 먹자 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 38 minutes 159,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DpCgaN4F04	8/18 개떵이의 하나의 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 40 seconds 189,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ3RjgH9KcM	프레즐 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 37 seconds 99,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XV3Tey7fbGI	액체괴물 산적처럼 먹어버리자 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 2,463,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFGQzjyJYCk	오늘은 떵개가 혼자먹방!! 두루치기와 차돌된장찌개 밥도둑먹방 ~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 47 minutes 124,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFXMCJPj1UI	(마감) 치킨10마리 이벤트 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라 정답공개와 문제 ~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 32 seconds 267,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwYius0kFzw	Dessert Orange Chocolat Cake Ice- cream Together (Flavor: Strawberry) Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 52,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkH6INj-CUk	Giant Marshmallow Real Sound Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 18 minutes 3,222,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rP_XB3NcEQ	Brother's Broadcast! The most spicy Ddeokbeokki Riceball Eating Show! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 44 minutes 294,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff7dCosjD3c	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 219,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYyyxAz90rA	Korean Ice Cream Dessert eating show in Bros Brodcasting. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 21 minutes 36,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfBpPsEPhG0	(Korean dish) Pork and Kimchi Stew Real sound Mukbang by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,881,939 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzDZUQq56zw	Pork feet, Bossam, Tray Noodles 10 servings eating show in Bros Brodcasting. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 45 minutes 134,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cba_uRgf8QM	[실시간 생방송] 떵개떵먹방 꼬마김밥 육개장컵x3 김치사발면x3 도시락x2 프랑크 후랑크 by 떵개떵 Streamed 3 years ago 1 hour, 23 minutes 113,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIz4lsZ-7_4	8/15)  3번째치킨 5마리 이벤트  먹는 소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 12 seconds 126,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reQ6hxkqNhk	Dessert current broadcast Korean potato chips eating broadcas by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 55,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD8nMtxOucQ	감바스 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 428,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D81IRVcthlQ	Brother's morning broadcast is Mukbang of Ggomagimbap (Korean rice roll) and instant ramen by 떵개떵 3 years ago 39 minutes 599,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeegD-sbiDI	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 207,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bMcz_0SDyA	홈런볼 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 67,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvLhCijw9HY	Real sound broadcasting with eating! Tako wasabi with ododok sound! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 663,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jU2fPr6EAf4	Restaraunt Livestreaming of eating 10 servings of extra-large sized jajangmyeon and   kkanpungg by 떵개떵 3 years ago 34 minutes 293,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGiDMm_WR-E	두번째 치킨5마리 이벤트 발표 ~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 3 seconds 80,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9e3_tX84Ac	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 46 seconds 286,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxS46Wi_Wl0	eating show with dessert honey due by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 86,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hCARqJ_hS0	wholly lemon and lime, real sound Mukbang(eatting show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 781,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwMx7ba5lkU	eating show with melting beef(wagui) in mouth by 떵개떵 3 years ago 56 minutes 1,000,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO1dtY8pP30	떵개떵 방송 by 떵개떵 Streamed 3 years ago 51 minutes 126,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcYKHDo2lrg	롱치즈스틱 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 4,472,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cg2ROsma18c	(마감)#두번째 이벤트 구독자 치킨5마리  8/12 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute 158,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wal0FSobgTo	desert  banana with Nutella dip mukbang (food broadcast ) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 63,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBedK2piHxA	Corn dog special!!  Live show eating 40 Crunchy and crispy corn dogs! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 55 minutes 769,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jotsV54nmsw	(마감)치킨5마리 이벤트 당첨자 발표~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 129,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFMg9GndlYA	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 226,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8KkvyUgyAU	Dessert Cookie flavored ice cream Mukbang (eating show). (Who can eat the fastest?) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 92,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niUd-Y5Z0IU	ASMR Enoki mushroom (Sound art) real sound Mukbang (eating show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 1,109,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuRK_AqNX7Q	Spicy rice cake (Topokki), fried shrimp, and fried crab legs Mukbang (eating show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 43 minutes 608,836 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCjCR6PjuOc	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 18 seconds 212,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XKOs6_5L-o	Eating show of big water melon which dissert father grew by himself. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 103,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFpzpTFTZos	Eating show of super crispy deep-fried crap with real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 57 seconds 351,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okpcuopEhi4	(kyochon chicken) let's have 4 spicy fried chicken with ramen! Food porn by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 hour, 4 minutes 396,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QdyPoUt8B0	#(마감)구독자 치킨5마리 이벤트1 먹는소리를 듣고 음식을 맞춰라~!! social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 33 seconds 268,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL_RueeYeSw	페스츄리붕어빵 먹방~!!  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 82,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtiL5OKigCM	Real sound eating show of turtle's hands shaped clams by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 1,819,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFOPUbb0O4Q	Eating show of cool Korean cold noodles and grilled spareribs for 10 people. by 떵개떵 3 years ago 44 minutes 193,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO4RcqTV2Eg	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 260,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRqa5Pm63HE	A special eating show with dessert snack and Turkish snack by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 62,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1WglPURcdQ	Turkish food  gulluoglu Real sound Mukban by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 503,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ess4_-S8M4A	Cream curry udon and egg sushi for 10 people serving eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 38 minutes 111,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs5fKfLjTgQ	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 28 seconds 236,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOFvP8D-7RA	Eating Dragon Fruit in Whole Real Sound Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 2,181,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK1DITaeaQc	Dessert Fig Korea (South Korea) Fruit Food por by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 117,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIbj6UaQ6Mg	Chocolate special! Special broeadcasting about eating, special corner with 5 kinds of chocolate cake by 떵개떵 3 years ago 43 minutes 508,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsLArVyP8_Y	8/06 개떵이의 하나의 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 172,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWF-M86NFZg	lemon grad eating show with real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,441,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eURIhBQCFfg	plain bread eating show with various dessert by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 119,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67-QNmmEZZI	Chapagetti Ramen Pack of 10 Korean Kimchi Social Eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 36 minutes 289,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKvnVhN7_n4	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 33 seconds 220,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyMBWjphQT4	Shaved Ice with strawberry cheese melon Eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 59,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ourNcRg9f4I	(noodle) very spicy fire chicken stir-fried noodle eating show! with real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 4,376,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hf7zbUQ4rtk	Social eating : 10 servings of cream shrimp pasta&rose shrimp pasta by 떵개떵 3 years ago 41 minutes 141,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_Tce5OQsu8	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 13 seconds 192,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp39-aUdfEA	frank sound of Chex Choco cereal Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 51,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omofhqFGX_E	Cledor Icecream Eating show Real Sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 2,812,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nk8EG6r5Ls	Mom's Touch 5 Chi-Ba-Go Chickens Real Sound Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 59 minutes 298,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cS7JupA35w	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 25 seconds 285,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMH4XyBCEI4	Dessert, Giant Corn dog sent by fans Eating Show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 23 minutes 94,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR30guKYFOQ	(Fish Roe Sushi) Flying Fish Roe Sushi Eating show Real Sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 724,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkW5LP23aYU	stir-fried octopus and samgyupsal for seven people eating show real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 50 minutes 104,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bxrzgpEtbU	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 227,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTgorfFm6bc	Desert brownie eating show with real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 134,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88e8kUWhCCE	BBQ chicken (Boombastick) eating show with real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 6,951,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1z08oPy4UQ	Spicy Pork Back-bone Stew and Ramen eating show with real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 40 minutes 157,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4qmxOJFO78	Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 45 seconds 252,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HUmDMPJegk	Real sound of mango Mukbang as dessert by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 89,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFwPU6kajzU	Eating show for seaweed buckwheat noodles! Real Sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 342,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu-1XqHlKuU	grilled cheese spicy rice cake eating show real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 56 minutes 211,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zfe94XZfFHc	2017.7.31 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 193,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2lMvdLasHg	2017.7.31 The show to eat Korean snack, Home Run Ball~! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 92,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MDWP5sknsI	2017.7.31 The show to eat sticks made of a sweet potato~! Real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 317,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gKYwGoCZXk	2017.7.31 The show to eat 8 kinds of menu for one person such by 떵개떵 3 years ago 55 minutes 106,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuRIHmtlBEE	2017.7.30 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 18 seconds 173,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g75zYm8a5Ug	2017.7.30 Black mango watermelon eating show of three siblings~!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 160,967 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OINHmtb0Uwc	2017.7.30 Broadcasting while eating chicken leg~!! eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 22 minutes 1,676,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7br8NPNOwI	2017.7.30 Various kinds of pizza, cheese-oven-spaghetti, shrimp ring, cheese stick EATING SHOW~!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 46 minutes 158,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPISDIN0pxo	2017.7.29 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 218,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU4DFU6PTNg	2017.7.29 Bulgogi Baguette eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 271,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22QWU3xxwVA	2017.7.29 Alone for today? 5 packages of Samyang Ramyeon and 2 lunch boxes eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 47 minutes 191,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdU-PGxNobI	7/28 개떵이의 하나의 행복 먹방~!! 리얼사운드  social eating Mukbang(Eating Show) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 minute, 51 seconds 190,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CKYj700K-0	2017.7.28 Broadcasting while eating blowfish skin salad.! Real sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 205,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEDJH3Sf9Pw	2017.7.28 Show up in Germany broadcast! - chicken, spicy tteokbokki social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 23 minutes 495,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYyHN52_eek	2017.7.27 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 215,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZvbN3TiX0Q	Black bean noodles eating show in a bamboo grove! The sound collaboration of nature and food! Real by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 380,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q0qdsV6-WI	2017.7.27 [Eating challenge show] jumbo ramen eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 205,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nwcDxJeHXE	2017.7.26 Spicy instant noodles (Chal BibimMyun) eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 382,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNhvIjJ765A	2017.7.26 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 52 seconds 186,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ2Ahn5-2ZA	2017.7.26 Ice cream social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 18 minutes 63,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3sqreFdnwI	2017.7.26 Pork stew, onion bulgogi social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 53 minutes 150,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PGEjMuuiGQ	2017.7.25 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 40 seconds 252,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yihXCkqMTNk	2017.7.25 Reese's Puffs cereal social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 68,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkvhnKYYexQ	2017.7.25 [Korea food] Ecklonia (gamtae) by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 23 seconds 1,508,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULtSWwcq160	2017.7.25 Chicken leg, wing chicken social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 48 minutes 299,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgSQbY0wH5s	2017.7.24 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 41 seconds 946,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USDaL8Uz8n8	2017.7.24 Melon shaved ice, Blueberry shaved ice social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 17 minutes 59,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_TYE7YRUyo	2017.7.24 [KFC] Zinger double down burger eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 803,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75nvWa4B8Lo	2017.7.24 Chinese cuisine social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 30 minutes 103,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuBB1OQN2_o	2017.7.23 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 250,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9tti8whgHk	2017.7.23 Whipped cream injeolmi (Korea food) social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 93,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyiEfnPDWAY	2017.7.23 Snow crab leg eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,431,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Acq9GA5v1Dw	2017.7.23 Special delivery food social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 43 minutes 306,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtAXCB3MeXU	2017.7.22 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 4 seconds 310,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uiT9YkBJkw	2017.7.22 Black watermelon drinks social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 78,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yioTaKxDV64	2017.7.22 Soy sauce shrimp eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 989,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySn2jb5CSAY	2017.7.22 Pork full course, Cold noodles*2 social eating 3,800kcal!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 58 minutes 115,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGd4wDa7bDY	2017.7.21 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 44 seconds 291,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnmv9sV_B3c	2017.7.21 [Chef fight] ddeonggae vs gaeddoeong instant noodle social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 637,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrC2cK952Rw	2017.7.21 cookies, Injeolmi cookies(Korea food) eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 383,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cudB0D0OeM	2017.7.21 Spicy chicken feet social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 1 hour, 1 minute 144,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mth8LtMmc9c	2017.7.20 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 56 seconds 246,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF0smkHrEfo	2017.7.20 Baskin Robbins ice cream social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 21 minutes 57,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTxFI_jwK50	2017.7.20 Curry Spicy Chicken Roasted Noodles eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 597,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Vt7Vcpp-og	2017.7.20 Black pig Pork cutlets*6, Korea noodles(Jjolmyeon)*4 social eating 5,700kcal!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 38 minutes 194,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgTvncVekMA	2017.7.19 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 37 seconds 248,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr1u3_V7TjQ	2017.7.19 Tiramisu tart, egg tart social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 65,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRFB46BOG_k	2017.7.19 Korea Medicinal plants(Wasong) eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 16 minutes 3,708,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zok34uR-KIE	2017.7.19 How to make a delicious instant noodle social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 47 minutes 259,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQDZ3sC3dvM	2017.7.18 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 599,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpJjglCHh_A	2017.7.18 Sandwich social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 61,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQqEI9ZjPxI	2017.7.18 Pizza eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 241,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuPnYgRN_ks	2017.7.18 dumplings*120 social eating 7,200kcal!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 45 minutes 328,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d874z5SqGB4	2017.7.17 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 235,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKke2J4cvwM	2017.7.17 Black watermelon social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 185,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bt39zytp6Qw	2017.7.17 [Korea food] Sundae Skewers eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 505,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2g1o24NRX4	2017.7.17 chicken soup (Samgyetang) social eating 4,800kcal!! by 떵개떵 3 years ago 48 minutes 82,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP5bfUHM4Fc	2017.7.16 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 57 seconds 242,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx__VwSncqM	2017.7.16 Melon social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 59,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3UrydzQ5Ak	2017.7.16 Octopus eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 1,686,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu3FMtIufzc	ddeonggae - [Impossible challenge] Very large size Tteokbokki eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 1,282,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk3KaLAVJSE	2017.7.15 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 2 minutes, 18 seconds 277,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMuikY9x8QM	2017.7.15 Mini eclairs social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 15 minutes 66,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpLDBZSRrN4	2017.7.15 apple watermelon eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 639,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CCCD9swVao	ggaeddeon - [Impossible challenge] Very large size China noodle eating show by 떵개떵 3 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 194,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz6bl-znol4	2017.7.14 Random food eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 3 minutes, 57 seconds 294,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtYPZH7AQSk	2017.7.14 Oreo Cookies social eating by 떵개떵 3 years ago 19 minutes 255,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngcKuHBCfWI	2017.7.14 Tofu (bean curd) Pudding eating show eating sound by 떵개떵 3 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 350,869 views
