https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktFWOJ9zR4o	Daily Life Mukbang l #25 Enjoying FilGOOD Seven🍻 with various dishes! Together with friends couple! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 day ago 17 minutes 478,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvxwTpGYJm0	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and eating Young radish mixed noodles with trotters and Bossam. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 days ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 633,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxz5-YyF2Q0	Couple Mukbang│Eating pork ribs kimchi stew with steamed egg and spam 🍚🍖😋 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 days ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 1,105,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jmDQpKfl6Y	Daily Life Mukbang l #24 Cream Curry Udon, kimchi, grilled pork, grilled chicken, fried rice, Waffle by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 week ago 17 minutes 979,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr_4lSt_uyg	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and eating Dumpling stew (Mandu Jeon Gol) 😋 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 week ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 709,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjmrAVn0fME	Couple Mukbang│Buying and eating Convenience store food! Tonkatsu, kimbap, noodles, desserts.😋💕🍗🍜 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 week ago 8 minutes, 36 seconds 1,327,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5ZU_Iwe8jE	Daily Life Mukbang l Cooking and eating with special guest, Girl Group "Saturday"😘🍗🌭 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 week ago 18 minutes 745,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh7aVttbT68	G-NI's Convenience Store Mukbang Compilation! 😋🍕🍔🍗🍜😋 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 weeks ago 15 minutes 678,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkWr1xpVzR4	Couple Mukbang│Eating NENE Cheese Snowing & Yangnyeom chicken, Creamy Fire Chicken noodles.😋💕🍗🍜 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 weeks ago 8 minutes, 1 second 968,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TITllbGGk18	Daily life Mukbang l Cook & Eat Okonomiyaki, Yakisoba, Spicy raw crab, Shine muscat, other desserts! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 weeks ago 17 minutes 1,250,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GGUV0Tgrw8	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and eating Cheong guk jang, kimchi fried rice, stir-fried sausage by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 weeks ago 10 minutes 1,009,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsvvMXNhQWY	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and eating 3 kinds of yummy toasts! (French toast, Montecristo) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 weeks ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 605,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt1MM23y-R0	Daily life Mukbang| 🇺🇸 #21 Eating Korean home meal, Yup tteok and honeycombo chicken, USA travelling by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 weeks ago 17 minutes 908,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la-Xz3EJ5l0	Couple Mukbang│Eating grilled beef and pork with home cooking soy paste stew by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 weeks ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 1,137,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP0P2cyCaf8	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and eating black bean noodles with jjapaghetti and dumplings by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 weeks ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 1,634,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU900enslPQ	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and eating tteokbokki, mini kimbap and various fries. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 1,761,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEJuW1d8LTA	Couple Mukbang│Cooking and Eating spicy grilled meat (beef and pork) with bean sprout (🧀Corn cheese) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 9 minutes, 1 second 835,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjEeklZZw1o	Daily life Mukbang | #20 Cook & eat hamburger steak, Shin ramyeon black. Chinese restaurant in Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 16 minutes 1,256,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTNFZtXi31o	Couple mukbang│Cooking and Eating rose pasta, risotto and pizza with 8 kinds of topping. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 781,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmDOdeGBLrc	Couple mukbang│Eating spicy stir-fried jjambbong and seafood nurungji tang. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 8 minutes, 1 second 999,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwDLbmCey4E	Daily life Mukbang | #19 full course meal in a Japanese restaurant in Korea. daily home meal, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 17 minutes 843,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxIIzMxFggI	Couple mukbang│Eating grilled scallops, lobster tails and beef (Rib eye) with Soju by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 710,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csPXaF7BACc	Couple mukbang│Eating Carbo Fire Chicken noodles with BHC Boomba stick chicken by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 1,061,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVfVTnm6bHE	Daily life Mukbang | Ep.18 black bean sauce(🍚), pork cutlet full of cheese, grilled beef restaurant by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 16 minutes 1,246,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUmZ6HZn-B0	Couple mukbang│Eating spicy boneless chicken feet and grilled cartilage with rice balls. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 9 minutes, 54 seconds 1,312,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5vJVss2UOM	Couple mukbang│Eating Fire chicken noodles mixed with jjapaghetti with husband. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,517,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rs8SL8GnSOE	Daily life Mukbang | Ep.17 cheese corn dog, tteokbokki, frys, Kalguksu, fried rice and Market food. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 15 minutes 1,482,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhhubotPcz8	Kani's Mukbang│How to enjoy eating grilled Gopchang at home🥩🍗 (Cow intestines) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 month ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 777,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo3oj-A1PtA	Outdoor Mukbang | Korean street food compilation! More than 30 dishes in 9 spots! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 25 minutes 1,129,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32Dwr3EtfFw	Daily life Mukbang | Ep.16 Eating Iberico grilled pork with noodles and Spicy dumpling soup, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 1,479,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfU11jB0YPQ	ASMR Mukbang | Eating JJIM DAK (Steamed chicken with veggies) and egg fried rice. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 704,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsIDTOL4Or4	ASMR Mukbang | 🦀Soy Sauce Marinated Crabs and Spicy Seasoned Crabs are my all time best (Ft. salmon) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 1,208,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06UbZsj4NXc	Daily life Mukbang | Ep.15 Eating Saury kimchi jjim, egg drop, Tomahawk steak, grilled intestines. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 17 minutes 1,381,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9wQGy5zZk4	ASMR Mukbang│Eat Purinkle series of chicken, cheese balls, hot dog and bibim-meyon, Kielbasa sausage by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,746,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7GtT2fxKIw	ASMR Mukbang | Cook & Eat Nak Gop Sae, spicy stir-fried octopus with shrimps and intestines of Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 3,199,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUqf-P4syPQ	Daily life Mukbang | Ep.14 Korean spicy chicken, fried chicken, tteokbokki, (Ft. Skin Care Routine) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 20 minutes 1,914,695 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqGpBLql53Y	ASMR Mukbang | Cook and eat Budae jjigae (Sausage and ham stew) with soy sauce egg rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 1,718,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCtkVp2uf-U	Daily life Mukbang | Ep. 13 Chicago pizza, chicken and beer, burnt spicy chicken stew, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 17 minutes 1,465,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-TwcVrxc70	ASMR Mukbang | Eating Jjapaghetti with Silvi kimchi and green onion kimchi, School lunch box. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 985,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf00kprVcJk	ASMR Mukbang┃Eating 2 kinds of Chicken along with tteobokki, cheese balls, cheese sticks and hot dog by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 972,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIhofIOoloE	Daily life Mukbang | Ep. 12 the spiciest noodle challenge, seafood mukbang with husband family, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 18 minutes 1,812,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGyFEMtPfAA	ASMR Mukbang | Cook Korean spicy boiled seafood, Haemul-jjim with octoups, abalone, scallops, etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 3,588,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMG8Z4NTeq4	ASMR Mukbang│Eating Korean dessert bingsu, (Ice flakes with syrup) and various cakes of dessert cafe by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 636,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmHPzPs9mNY	Daily life Mukbang | Ep. 11 Eating Chapaguri(Ramdon)with grilled beef, Traditional Korean restaurant by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 2 months ago 16 minutes 1,790,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqPln4V2KB4	Daily life Mukbang | Ep. 10 steamed snow crabs, tteokbokki, fried food, grilled food in home pocha. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 16 minutes 1,309,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdsaztM7EPc	ASMR Mukbang | cup noodles, tteokbokki, sandwich, kimbap, other foods of Korean Convenience Store. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 1,711,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZrHBC5DNJo	ASMR Mukbang | Cooking and eating kkakdugi fried rice and Rabokki with mini hot dogs. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 1,970,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_sM_KBLg50	Daily life Mukbang | Ep. 9 Eating kimchi jjim, grilled pork ribs, pancakes, egg soup, marinated eggs by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 19 minutes 1,459,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOvO-TJLnt0	ASMR Mukbang | Making cubed radish kimchi, Kkakdugi and eat with Korean noodles soup, Jin Ramyeon. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 1,247,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmc7pHrMCgE	ASMR Mukbang | Eating spicy blue crab soup and soy sauce marinated shrimps, half boiled eggs. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 1,261,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hP-TqobP3E	Routine life Mukbang | Ep. 8 Black bean noodles, cold noodles, braised mackerel, spicy chicken, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 18 minutes 1,529,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xg3ef6UxAQ	ASMR Mukbang | Eating Korean spicy chicken with Ghost pepper chips, Fire chicken noodles, Menbosha. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 1,395,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3-eptPjBHY	ASMR Mukbang | Eating various convenience store food of 7-11 and Lawson in Japan by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 12 minutes, 1 second 1,162,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiI79OUOurQ	Routine life Mukbang | 7th episode, Bibimbap, soft tofu stew, etc. and behind story in Drama studio. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 21 minutes 1,124,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yxo5WNkctwk	Mukbang | Cooking and eating cold noodles with Grilled pork belly (Samgyeopsal) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 1,193,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyxj1zjz9Bw	Mukbang | Cooking and eating Kimchi Sujebi (Small dough soup) and Omurice. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 1,285,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF-aU3LX60o	Mukbang | Eating jjapaghetti and 2 kinds of kimbap with big watermelon. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 9 minutes, 27 seconds 1,086,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5urgBool0U	Routine life Mukbang | 6th episode, Making curry rice, Chicken & beer,Mcdonalds,Lamb chop, Wine,etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 17 minutes 1,800,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVRrLrh6bsI	Mukbang | Cooking and eating fruits sandwiches and spicy steamed chicken (Kimchi JJIM DAK) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 3 months ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 1,150,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCStXdxA6Ks	Mukbang | Cooking and eating toy cookies, tteokbokki and purinkle hot dogs, pikachu tonkatsu. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 1,172,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bv1ZeZ6tYvA	Mukbang | Making and eating cool water melon punch, homemade cheese burger, bolognese pasta by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 1,261,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEIBz24usQQ	Routine life Mukbang | 5th episode, Making kimchi, Department store food court, tteokbokki, etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 16 minutes 1,535,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGNENapu-jY	Mukbang | Cooking and eating Purinkle chicken and Purinkle cheese balls with hot Purinkle by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 2,447,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iUGYibQwbk	Mukbang | Eating grilled scallops, abalone, lobster tails with beef (Dessert: Sweet potato bread) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,258,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VJMToEDfOs	Routine life Mukbang | 4th episode, 7 Eleven store, marinated shrimps, spicy stir-fried chicken, etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 14 minutes, 19 seconds 2,595,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxE03hDKUes	Mukbang | Eating spicy steamed beef ribs on a rainy day after failing 🍍🥝🍓🍊 fruit mochi. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 1,553,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkQYL6pocWE	Mukbang | 🦀 Make and eat Ganjang Gejang and Yangnyeom Gejang of Korea. (Simple recipe) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 4,627,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4LFp0CfdHI	Mukbang | Cook and eat Korean home meal, mentaiko egg roll, bulgogi (🍓Dessert: Strawberry Bingsu) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 1,062,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epccHRpWSlg	Routine life Mukbang |3rd Episode, Kimbap, Samgyeopsal, Dumpling stew, Thai food, BR31 ice cream,etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 14 minutes, 58 seconds 1,297,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc_Jkkr85v0	Mukbang | Fire chicken noodles with musubi, kimbap of unique style, 🥪egg sandwich. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 1,678,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljSIxcsh6fk	Mukbang | Cooking and eating Hot pot of Cow Intestines (So Gopchang Jeongol), Dessert : Real Dalgona by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 1,668,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xx1758CBVZM	Routine life Mukbang | 2nd Episode, kimchi stew, Starbucks, Black bean noodles, Pizza, Chicken etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 1,947,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvD3jXK2xaY	Mukbang | Eating tteokbokki with cheese topping, spicy roasted drumsticks (🍈Dessert : Melon bingsu) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 2,128,069 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7krOzBKp8ZM	Mukbang | Cooking and eating Sundubu jjigae and cup noodles fried rice with Shin ramen, jjapaghetti by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 4 months ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 1,040,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvFH5YtwS0U	1 Day Mukbang | Eating Silvi kimchi, extremely spicy kimchi with whole fried spam by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 1,791,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqRW7a39IFY	How to enjoy Vietnamese street food and market food in Ho Chi Minh city. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,115,334 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q37ByAd92kE	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating spam kimchi fried rice and cup Chapaguri, Shabu Shabu by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,437,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8oSButQRD4	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating American style sausage 🇺🇸 and Budae jjigae of Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 1,901,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UepdRVCcaYs	1 Day Mukbang | Trying 4 kinds of new chicken menu from BBQ, Korean chicken company. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 1,078,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnoFtuznhpA	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating Korean spicy pollack soup and ginseng chicken soup by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 1,241,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQsmzjDmMbY	Mukbang life | Bonus Video! Routine food life of G-NI for a week. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 16 minutes 1,857,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ba4AXlWClLA	Creamy Jin jjambbong viral on Korean instagram and several menu featured on TV show "Funstaurant" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 1,705,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO6cMZGVtvU	Grill and eat Korean marinated beef ribs and eat spicy yupki tteokbokki by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 1,784,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4HoPFpE-wA	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating spicy Kalguksu noodles and 2 kinds of Korean porridge by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 1,211,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zQUtic4unA	1 Day Mukbang | This is Birthday meal of Korea! Seaweed soup, cake, noodles and grilled meat, fruit by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 836,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwJm8WdWYQ8	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating spicy stir fried octopus and various bread with bubble tea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 1,214,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrr8OUed5KM	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating pollack roe soup, hamburg steak and spicy pork ribs by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 2,179,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG2FSxBvk4A	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating Doenjang jjigae and radish kimchi bibimbap, JJimdak by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 3,052,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTrNS9eKpFw	1 Day Mukbang | Cooking and eating black bean noodles and green onion kimchi, hotteok by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 1,287,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjXd_H9EIoE	Eating out Mukbang｜grilled beef and pork belly with spicy mixed cold noodles, steamed egg by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 5 months ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 854,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IODV1bxl3cM	1 Day Mukbang | Eating bean sprout rice with canned tuna stew, burnt rice crust porridge. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 2,104,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2IOZym-Pvo	1 Day Mukbang｜Eating spicy squid jjambbong featured in Korean drama "Itaewon Class" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 1,522,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDAxRpMUD1s	Making radish kimchi and eating with Taiwanese cup noodles, kimbap, various CVS food. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 1,472,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9hfgrKFzFo	1 day Mukbang | Eating Korean pork belly "Samgyeopsal" and Boneless chicken feet. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 1,331,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LxZ7Aq5KMI	1 day Mukbang｜Making kimchi with simple recipe and eating with Korean curry rice. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 2,051,480 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMZm5MNxoSQ	1 day Mukbang｜Eating cheese tonkatsu and spicy mixed jjolmyeon, "Dalgona" coffee by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 1,154,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8OwLrGseM0	1 day Mukbang｜Eating grilled scallops and lobster tails, webfoot octopus tteokbokki by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 3,399,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX5yJzJGmAw	1 day Mukbang｜Eating beef sukiyaki and udon, pizza toast and cup noodles with dumplings by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 1,248,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtXyoarnK7c	Eating out Mukbang｜Enjoying various street food at Dongdaemun market, Seoul, Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 1,954,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_dfXma6XB4	1 day Mukbang｜Eating 1.2 kg tomahawk steak and strawberry cream sandwich by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 1,687,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEGcwTcwT1M	1 day Mukbang｜Eating Korean home meal that consists of CVS items and spicy braised pollack by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 1,239,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc_h1c9Ui0s	1day Mukbang｜Seafood green onion pancake of Korea and Vampire burger with smoothie by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 1,555,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_nUqAlqdyM	1day Mukbang｜Eating spicy chicken skewers at Seven Kaniven and cold kimchi noodles by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 1,627,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZS887qMkrI	Eat with G-NI｜Eating spicy braised seafood and spicy chicken with Korean twins youtuber Nareum by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 2,920,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWLxxqSlkiw	1day Mukbang｜Eating marinated raw crabs and spicy raw crabs (Korean ganjang gejang) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 2,628,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHOZWq4tzQQ	1day Mukbang｜Eating Korean kimchi stew (Kimchi jjim) and cup noodles, cup rice, grape jelly by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 1,792,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqJrf-IqBGM	Eating out Mukbang｜Enjoying limitless tteokbokki at Korean tteokbokki buffet "Dookki" in Vietnam. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 6 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,129,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvt3K-dzXO0	1day Mukbang｜Seafood fried rice with black bean sauce for lunch, Vietnamese bread for dinner by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 1,253,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6wPxtaK8v4	1day Mukbang｜Korean spicy chicken and Rabokki for lunch, mentaiko spaghetti and egg drop for dinner by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 2,534,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVB5ekhy77g	G-NI's 1day Mukbang｜Eating kimbap, noodles for lunch, beef samgyeopsal for dinner by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 12 minutes 1,439,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jXjEP8oBYs	Eat with G-NI｜Eating Ganjang gejang (Soy Sauce Raw Crab) with 2 Indonesian viewers by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 829,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuYoPVi7nT8	G-NI's 1day Mukbang｜Eating Chapaguri (Ramdon) featured in the movie "Parasite" and Korean home meal. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 1,576,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zT33f8LXus	G-NI's 1day Mukbang｜Brunch: McDonald's 1955 Burger, Dinner: Seafood soup, Grilled mackerel. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 1,489,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbvmIi8QFog	G-NI's 1day Mukbang｜Eating Cheese dogs and tteokbokki (Brunch), Omurice and yukgaejang (Dinner) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 3,343,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUsBtJEyKBs	G-NI's 1day Mukbang｜Eating Kimpitang, Cream mochi, dumpling stew for 1 day~ by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 2,098,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOb9Ad7vfvc	Eating out Mukbang｜A restaurant where you can eat grilled cow intestines and stew in Seoul, Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 917,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEm4sFxCCyk	G-NI's 1day Mukbang｜Eating JJambbong, Sweet and sour pork, Roasted sweet potato, Kimchi fried rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 1,546,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W5U117wIds	Eat with G-NI｜Eating Korean BHC purinkle chicken, spicy chicken, pizza with 2 Japanese viewers by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 1,086,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJKKhjmIl3Y	Eating out Mukbang｜Tasting various wine along with yummy side dishes at a wine bar in Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,006,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfFFAyxYi9w	ASMR Mukbang｜Allulose chicken of Mom's touch and big plate of black bean noodles. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 3,069,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEjkdVZZfg8	Eating out Mukbang｜Is this Nose of Elephant? Eating giant geoduck clam in Vietnam! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 1,848,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJUtLgFpJ9k	Eating out Mukbang｜Eating kimbap, noodles and tteokbokki in Korean snack restaurant, Bun Sik Jip by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 7 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 1,683,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKlQnNZSWBY	Eating out Mukbang｜7-11 in Vietnam?? Let's try various CVS food at 7-11 in Ho Chi Minh city by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 3,450,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9LIu_2MnZ4	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy stir-fried rice with webfoot octopus and curry udon by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 2,130,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIr9Iqndv6U	Eating out Mukbang｜Eating cheesy Chicago style deep dish pizza full of cheese in Seoul, Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 987,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJg8yE2xYRE	ASMR Mukbang｜Dumpling feast! Cook and eat 4 kinds of dumpling dish (Spicy, Steamed, Fried, Soup) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 2,541,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1R2EaaItb8	Eating out Mukbang｜I ate the best grilled beef in my life in Pyeong Chang, Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 1,599,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWejQqC3mVY	Eating out Mukbang｜Enjoying various yummy food in Everland, the biggest theme park in Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 1,298,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-gyleSz90c	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating tuna kimchi jjigae stew and Korean stir fried beef, bulgogi. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 1,501,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GAa3uWVd8c	Eating out Mukbang｜Eating my best bun cha and spicy rice noodles in Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 1,506,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoDr2Wm_H6o	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy chicken and spicy rice cake with noodles and beef by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 2,075,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTMeaKCcArM	Eating out Mukbang｜Sinigang, Sisig, Lechon, various Filipino food in Filipino restaurant in Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 1,373,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCU_oXNsM8w	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Sashimi Cake made of Salmon and Flatfish from Noryangjin Fish market by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,297,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waHkfEU12Ss	Eating out｜Eating much fresh salmon as Sashimi, Sushi, Pasta and Mixed rice! BR31 in the end by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 522,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPaVeIPAW04	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean BBQ Samgyeopsal and spicy mixed noodles, Bibim Guksu! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 3,012,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_AUxozyv-0	Eating out｜Eating purinkle chicken and side dishes at BHC head shop in Seoul. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 2,413,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkE2HpSZk0w	ASMR Mukbang｜Cooking and eating kimchi fried rice and black bean noodles(Intant jjajjaroni) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 5,787,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEHv3gaivrQ	Eating out｜Enjoying Varieties of Korean Street Food at Mangwon Market in Seoul! Chicken, noodles! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 3,650,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mkx8QZI3p7c	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating new menu of Pizza Hut "Italian Salsiccia Pizza" and cheese balls, pasta by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 8 months ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 1,048,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r89ODmnRMuo	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating grilled and steamed sea shell with kalguksu (Korean noodles), Mochi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,188,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByvFHoV4M7I	Eating out｜SEOUL ITAEWON! Where you can enjoy varieties of food from many countries! (Halal food) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 1,004,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mDGZitMS2s	ASMR Mukbang｜Cook and eat Korean kimbap and spicy sausage stew! Dessert : Fruit tart by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 7,137,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iL9rpdbxhAI	Eating Out Mukbang｜Eating full course meal in Korean No.1 Convenience store "GS25" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 6,775,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BybIHk3hLCk	ASMR Mukbang｜Cooking and eating Korean spicy chicken stew, Dak bokkeumtang and fried rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 2,580,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrrzOYCwRWk	Eating Out Mukbang｜Enjoying Korean traditional cuisine course full of the table in Seoul by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 1,032,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNy-cDJgrxg	ASMR Mukbang｜Cooking and Eating Spicy jjambbong noodles of Korea with plentiful oyster by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 2,023,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6G1JS_82pJk	Eating Out Mukbang｜All-you-can-eat grilled beef buffet in Korea. 17 USD for 1 person. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 1,612,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iiqutfvXfE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating 2 types of Korean spicy chicken wings and purinkle cheese balls, hot dogs by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,217,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSbxkA6OY2w	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy stir-fried octopus with rice and noodles. And boneless chicken feet by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 3,127,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNAjuTmWD7g	Eating Out Mukbang｜Enjoying Vietnam style noodles, fried dumplings at Vietnamese restaurant in Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,229,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Sg20SQLlp8	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating grilled beef of various parts. Rib eye, Galbisal, Chadolbagi and fried rice. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,928,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6rWbnZRhCM	Eating Out Mukbang｜Enjoying Italian restaurant and various street foods in Ikseondong, Seoul by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 1,391,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bt_uMzxglds	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean home meal! Rice and 9 kinds of side dishes! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 1,675,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NKl70X1Cag	Eating Out Mukbang｜Enjoy all the popular Korean seafood here! Spicy octopus, crabs, shrimps, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 1,563,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKn36VJx9fQ	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Spicy grilled webfoot octopus, chicken feet and chicken wings. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 1,798,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iY-BmfHdSM	Outdoor Mukbang｜All You Can Eat Tteokbokki buffet, "Dookki" in Korea. Make your own tteokbokki! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 6,121,140 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leUiDPX0mFw	ASMR Mukbang｜Cooking and eating tteokbokki and spicy NENE yangnyeom chicken "Shocking Hot" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 6,989,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FglenxqQ7cQ	Outdoor Mukbang｜Noodles, fishcakes, See what you can eat in Korean expressway rest stop. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 3,671,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMaR-DFc1VA	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating soy sauce pickled shrimps on the rice with spicy pork ribs, grilled intestines by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 1,184,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0Knn31QbXI	Outdoor Mukbang｜In Seoul Tong-in market, Make and eat your own lunch box with various Korean foods. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 9 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 3,089,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP8zpGbExB8	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean assorted seafood soup "Haemultang" and tobiko fried rice "Albap" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 3,409,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-td9v-qz4rU	Outdoor Mukbang｜Enjoying Korean pig's trotter "Jokbal" on a rainy day at outdoor table under roof by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 988,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xDOtR67Vw4	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy grilled duck and cuttlefish with soft tofu stew (Soondubu jjigae) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 3,028,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjLb8-EBuz0	Outdoor Mukbang｜Let's enjoy street foods feast at Hongdae street, Seoul, Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 4,041,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pgRbniNJtw	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating instant black bean noodles mixed with neoguri, grilled beef and pork by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 1,821,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2i8LRXRZPiA	Enjoy king tonkatsu and various foods along with beautiful scenery of Seoul at Namsan tower by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 2,273,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VF9grIfwMd8	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating 4 kinds of Korean spicy chicken and Daebak ghost pepper noodles by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 7,745,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDk7MVMKGEc	Korean Convenience Store Mukbang 3rd Episode! Full course dinner in Seven Eleven again! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 5,816,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVTKrzJ0p5c	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating assorted grilled shellfish! Oyster, scallops, large clam, grillable cheese, etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 4,151,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rB_CdrY74g0	Outdoor Mukbang｜Enjoying various Korean street foods at low cost in Cupbap street, Noryangjin, Seoul by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 4,314,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CImVLmJmrUg	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating raw and grilled salmon, beef and fatty tuna with Shin ramen by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 1,966,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pas3wTTeQ8	Outdoor Mukbang｜Challenging extremely spicy SINGIL DONG jjambbong in Seoul, Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 2,534,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lavQ8N0ZxY	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating tenderloin steak with grilled pen shell scallops and fire chicken cup noodles. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 2,465,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eAjb6oBCOI	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating black bean noodles, hotteok and various Korean foods in Nami Island, Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,747,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPaAdJoiUv4	ASMR Mukbang｜Oyster rice and Korean braised spicy seafood of abalone, octopus, fish eggs, crabs by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 11 minutes 24,389,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQbz8kConhw	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating newly made kimchi with steamed pork and carbo fire chicken noodles by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,066,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aJ11ASX1ws	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating 4.1kg King crab in the Garak seafood market in Seoul, Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 2,274,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz6XqLGms6Y	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Chicago pizza, tteokbokki and various kimbab and fish cakes of Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 1,172,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92w5ux8pJno	Outdoor Mukbang｜Enjoying Korean BBQ in a restaurant floating on Han River, Seoul by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 10 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 2,159,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNHsv4ljcHo	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating grilled giant octopus leg and pen shells, mochi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 2,233,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmjACjI03V8	Mukbang｜Challenging "ONE CHIP CHALLENGE", the most spicy chips in the world. with 2 guests! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 4,014,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmpSm9xgk14	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating spicy pig's skin, Seafoods pancake in Jungseojin market, Incheon, Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,323,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPyOC6ilgCE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy boiled crabs and Korean pork kimchi stew by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,440,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aE4qv5XAzMc	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating various street foods in Myeong dong, Seoul, Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 3,945,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jndI8p0m2-U	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating steamed oyster and seasoned raw beef with lobster tails. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 2,362,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4sTnQnHrOI	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating various Korean traditional foods in Korean folks village by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 1,322,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGo2cz056AI	ASMR Mukbang｜Compilation of drinking scenes during various mukbang by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 788,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RnxW7gaCsg	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating grilled seafoods of scallops, abalones, turban shell, prawns, salmon and beef by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 3,589,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XZHa46MclM	Outdoor Mukbang｜Drinking and eating various foods at open-air pub, back street of Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 1,143,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR2L6FWE9aw	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating hamburg steaks and Fajita with cream sauce spaghetti and fried rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,553,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSFJTa4jClo	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating various Korean yangnyeom chickens (Seasoned chicken) with lemon and beer by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 2,014,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVn5ffc1cQ0	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating grilled Korean beef and spicy stir fried octopus with rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 3,677,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aW39-sJkCgw	Outdoor Mukbang｜Let's go to convenience store to eat various foods in Korea~EP. Seven Eleven by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 10,584,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJc59j-t12M	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean black bean tteokbokki (jjajang tteokbokki) and Kimchi fried rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,427,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRers0I8xy4	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating spicy webfoot octopuses and boneless chicken feet in a Korean restaurant. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes 2,001,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btdBhENd3Es	ASMR Mukbang｜Extremely spicy Korean chicken and Bibimbap with jjambbong soup! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 2,917,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Da2izUWlZbs	Outdoor Mukbang｜Let's eat some nice Korean foods near Han River in Seoul, Korea~ by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 4,241,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDqjRuzPDNk	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean soy sauce marinated raw crabs, pickled abalone, shrimps and mentaiko by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 11 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 4,251,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VathmEMQ4Eg	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy raw crabs and spicy stir fried webfoot octopuses, pollack roe soup. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 5,434,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lpMVkUoNdI	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Eating grilled cow intestines of Korea, gopchang, daechang, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 1,498,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RndIDUqJXxY	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating grilled beef and eel with spicy noodles soup, rice with raw fish topping. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,048,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G6aeN1A15Q	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating spicy stir fried chicken "Dakgalbi" and fried rice in a restaurant in Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 1,179,334 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AydnLf5y2I4	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating kimchi fried rice on the mozzarella and Korean spicy chicken, curry udon. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 1,702,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMlNgbQxkCE	Outdoor Mukbang｜Eating lobster, octopus, squid, various seafoods and the braised meat in restaurant by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 1,724,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCrvChAdW2Q	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean convenient store foods EP.2! Cup noodles, tteokbokki, lunch box, chicken etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 2,443,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZJKJv6iSWQ	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating curry rice and black bean sauce rice together! Soft tofu stew and kimchi! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 1,361,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFUgQHZ_4BQ	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy pork back ribs braised with aged kimchi of Korea, egg rolls, sausage. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,085,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pggDm2HejgE	ASMR Mukbang｜Salmon sashimi, sushi, pickled salmon, salmon steak! Salmon special!! (^^*) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 2,323,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o3bm-yDQ4A	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating purinkle chicken, hotdogs, cheese balls and Korean kimbap, tteokbokki by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 3,153,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEwd34fou5g	Outdoor Mukbang｜Black bean noodles, jjambbong, sweet and sour pork at a Chinese Restaurant in Korea! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,017,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4Q6VZyHRy0	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Spicy chicken feet and cow's intestines, raw beef sashimi, rice & pickled salmon by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 1,625,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtaHURhhj-A	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean seafoods giant octopus and shells cake!! (^^*) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 736,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPMzcAa5ed4	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean home meal EP.3- Eating rice with 10 kinds of side dish! fried fish, kimchi, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 1,225,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHK3O2ZcDRs	Outdoor Mukbang in Korean tteokbokki restaurant eating noodle tteokboki, odeng, sundae, fried food by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 4,323,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EQvNLX6-Q4	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating big steak and grilled seafoods of salmon, abalones, octopus. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 4,970,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwJtILxmtWA	Mukbang｜Eating various Korean dumplings, spicy chicken skewers and fried tofu sushi with salmon. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 1,562,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffA4LZ2p404	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean Braised spicy seafood of octopus, abalone, scallops, etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 7,560,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbTgv-0H6NY	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean home meal EP.2 !! Eating rice and 13 kinds of Korean side dishes! Bulgogi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 14 minutes, 39 seconds 3,011,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9eb4FTcbNc	Outdoor Mukbang in Korean convenient store! Mala noodles, dumplings, onigiri, roll cakes, etc!! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 6,130,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw7sjYQhQ1Y	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating seafood noodles and CVS lunch box with silvi kimchi! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,554,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCreIMj1nfY	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating fire chicken noodles mixed with grilled boneless chicken feet and Temaki! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 1,673,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXl4Ka2UN4M	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating assorted Japanese sushi and fresh sashimi! (Raw fish Slice) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 1,277,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zyJt3cpbCY	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean home meal!! Eating rice and 14 kinds of Korean side dishes! Kimchi, mentaiko! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 2,243,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSUAbk67CTk	ASMR Mukbang｜Spicy stir fried octopus with pollack roe and milt! Chinese glass noodles and Bunmoza! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 3,134,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aCHxdTz-zQ	ASMR Mukbang｜BTS character dessert!!! BT21 cream cake, macaroon ice cream, chocolate & coffee! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 1,580,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcvXvLHSM0I	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating kimchi stew with spam topping and spicy fried pork! Korean home meal by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 2,240,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHCGeh0Xj3M	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Carbo chicken noodles and boombastic chicken of BHC with cheese balls by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 2,440,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghDE5YtkZ_k	Outdoor Mukbang｜Sul Bing! Where you can eat delicious frozen ice flakes dessert in Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 838,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufms1EjdBUU	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating soy sauce marinated raw Red crabs and Red shrimps with rice and noodles by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 1,795,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQVz2eDBX2U	Eating Korean soft tofu stew(Soondubu jjigae) and Silvi kimchi fried rice, mini tonkatsu. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 1,704,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9fwl0Twjo	Platter of spicy rice cake and enoki with cheese dog and instant black bean noodles. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 1,799,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DyOOGoIUHA	Outdoor Mukbang｜Where to eat Korean BBQ "Samgeyopsal" when you come to Korea. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 1,999,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-RXPQz0n4Q	ASMR Mukbang｜Soy Sauce Marinated Raw Crabs vs Spicy Raw Crabs! Which one do you prefer? by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 3,402,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RrnA-bcSs4	Mukbang｜Eating grilled giant scallops and lobster tails with grilled wagyu beef, sashimi mixed rice by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 2,863,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afddDik25cs	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating shrimp chicken pizza and Korean spicy chicken with cheese balls and spaghetti by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 1,228,834 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAFCrnc0xgM	Outdoor Mukbang｜Let's eat Korean street foods looking around Gwangjang market (광장시장) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 3,087,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-BXrd5Rb88	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy noodles "JJAMBBONG" and grilled beef with wasabi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 1,222,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo8eZ02moY8	Outdoor Mukbang｜Yeon An Sikdang! Where you can eat various Korean sefoods when visiting Korea! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,022,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csJQs1fVWMw	ASMR ｜Eating various chilies!! Bell pepper, Jalapeno, Korean red chilies and green chilies, etc. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 3,451,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp4E3YmmhPE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean hot spicy meat stew "Yukgaejang" and 6 kinds of kimchi. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 886,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMGdyM6-iF4	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating baby octopus and pork belly fried rice with Korean soy paste soup by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,672,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDhxrttlDnU	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean marinated foods special! Marinated shrimps, abalones, salmon with silvi kimchi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 2,261,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBFzbuVyp74	Outdoor Mukbang｜Where to eat kimchi pork jjigae(stew) when visiting Korea? by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 988,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHzovyUlmKw	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean black bean noodles and sweet and sour pork with silvi kimchi and bon cabe lv.30 by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 1,774,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuEGEJ6kNfM	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy chicken feet "Dakbal" with shrimps in and Tobiko rice balls by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,721,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7-JUry-Qqk	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean Exotic foods~ Raw beef mixed with raw octopus! Sannakji & Yukhoe bibimbap!!! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 2,894,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-pA6puEzfk	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating McDonald's~❤️ Burger, Mcnugget, Chicken tender, Cheese stick, apple pie, Frites by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 1,336,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD5P7uLzZlg	Eating Assorted Korean snacks. Spicy rice cake, blood sausage, Fried foods, Fish cake, kimbap by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 3,594,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cWEcPiwY-g	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Malaysian foods Nasi Lemak with Chinese dumplings Xiaolongbao and Hagau~(^^*) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 495,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0PFykgv1dg	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean spicy chicken with purinkle cheese balls, Fire chicken noodles and corndog by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 4,806,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXFFGym3UPY	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating rice with 6 kinds of Korean Kimchi! Assorted kimchi mukbang! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 2,995,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oly04eblIQw	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Indonesian authentic foods cumi cumi goreng pedas and gado gado! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 804,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80CGO23rGj8	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy stir fried seafood noodles "JJAMBBONG" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 3,726,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-32gyamumKE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy cold noodles "Songju Bul Naeng Myeon" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 1,133,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV50zb5OZVs	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cooking and Eating cheese tonkatsu and mentaiko tonkatsu with noodles tteokbokki by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 2,594,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YasTn-W7oIE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating big grilled scallops and octopus, salmon sushi, shrimp sushi~Grilled seafood! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 3,673,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZeNiz_y6Ow	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating assorted pretty mochi and ugly Tanghulu with honeycomb!! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 918,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qN2fDybA2o	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cook and Eat Korean sausage stew "Budae jjigae" with white kimchi! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 1,265,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2limi7nVUlo	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Vietnamese cuisine Banh Xeo and Som Tam of Thailand!! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 520,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1yJbh_inJ4	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy chicken with cheesy mashed potato on! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 3,643,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2znWLF08rFA	ASMR Mukbang｜Gong Cha from Taiwan!! 3 types of Black bubble tea full of tapioca pearls. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 1,920,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzesPLAP1R8	ASMR Mukbang｜40cm Grilled King Black Tiger Shrimps!! Eating Giant Prawn~(^^*) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 1,497,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc7tu3r2X8s	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean braised pig's trotters "Jokbal" and spicy mixed noodle "Makguksu" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 1,322,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cbBkzH-tsY	ASMR Mukbang｜Sinigang & Lechon Kawali!! Authentic foods of Philippines! (^^*) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 1,272,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYu3_pAk3J0	ASMR Mukbang｜Ghost pepper noodles VS the spiciest kimchi of Korea! Who wins? by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 3,541,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWrB_Z3nQ2w	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy baby octopus. Korean style grillled webfoot octopus~ Spicy seafood! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 5,255,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgUcrTkE0zI	ASMR Mukbang｜Very spicy cup noodles of Indonesia~ Pop mie dower and Pop mie gledeek!! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 3,332,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxM9DVFRmCo	ASMR Mukbang｜Big salmon sushi and salmon belly from Taiwan Sun Way Restaurant. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 2,157,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvaaPja9P9E	ASMR Mukbang｜Spicy Japanese cup noodles recommended by Japanese friends! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 490,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QBy2ZwSEOc	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cook and Eat Korean spicy chicken and fried chicken with radish pickles. ASMR by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 1,342,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoUWq7cTO-I	Mukbang & Recipe｜Eating Instant black bean noodles (Chapaghetti) and mentaiko with younger sister. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 1,233,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FBJSruKFps	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cooking Padthai and eating with Tom Yum Kung. Yummy Thai foods!! ^^* by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 1,169,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUsuY2EQqBg	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean Assorted seafood soup and cockles mixed rice! Bibimbap & Haemultang~ by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 1,494,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tbAd3toQeA	ASMR Mukbang｜Grilled Korean beef ribeye and scallops. Hanwoo with great marbling! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 2,132,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8LfeanFtJs	Mukbang & Recipe｜Korean Style Spicy Braised Mackerel with Kimchi and Radish ASMR! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 909,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-11Tf9EK1R8	Daebak Ghost Pepper Noodles VS Maggie Pedas Giler 2X! The most spicy noodles of Malaysia! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 3,609,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWR18lOIl98	Mukbang & Recipe｜Spicy fried small octopus with shrimps and cow intestines (NakGopSae) ASMR!! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 5,705,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtFOvAqvdzI	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating BAKSO (Meat ball soup) and SATE (Skewers) from Indonesia~ by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 1,600,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFtnOJbzzxM	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cook and Eat Cheesy Korean spicy stir fried chicken "Dakgalbi" by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 1,229,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWB8rVZGv5I	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating spicy seafood! Steamed Pollack Roe from Korea ^^* by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 1,810,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsZGZEbWI68	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Vietnamese cuisine "Bun Cha" and "Banh mi" with coffee and beer! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 1,000,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC6VBsU25qg	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cooking and eating kimchi fried rice with younger sister. ASMR by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 1,940,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j_3wE4jij0	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating BHC Purinkle Chicken drumsticks and Cheese balls, Sotteok sotteok! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 3,211,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAlAhn4tLXM	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cooking and Eating very spicy small octopus fried rice! ASMR by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 11,642,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wj8H6bEO8TE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating popular Philippines' noodles "PANCIT CANTON" Extra Hot Chili by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 543,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeP9rCbxhgg	Mukbang & Recipe｜Making Kimchi with simple recipe and eating with grilled Korean beef chadolbaegi! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 2,888,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM3o473LRN0	Mukbang & Recipe｜Cooking and Eating Korean spicy rice cake Tteokbokki ASMR! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 4,024,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPulzJ-iijs	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating very spicy Japanese cup noodles, Mouko tanmen nakamoto! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 40 seconds 1,251,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1lCLfqo8Rw	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean Braised spicy seafood (Haemul jjim) Eating sound by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 17,561,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoDkr5vZehk	Mukbang & Recipe｜Braised kimch and pork belly~ Korean home cooking Kimchi jjim ASMR by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 1,935,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4NXEs1AsBI	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating boiled Dungeness crabs! Seafood ASMR by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 40 seconds 1,211,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiDhVR7NYmA	G-NI's Recipe｜Korean Soy sauce marinated crabs and shrimps, Spicy raw crabs & shrimps. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 1,604,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACrDdP-TmIE	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Indonesian foods~ Rendang (Beef stew) and Nasi Goreng (Fried Rice) ^^* by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 1,148,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkMBcFa1K_Q	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Soy sauce marinated raw crabs of Korea (Ganjang Gejang) ^^* by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 7,807,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqNO1biHisM	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Soy sauce marinated raw shrimps of Korea and spicy raw shrimps! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 1,031,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGNOmowgeYc	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Thai dishes~ Fried crab with curry powder and Pineapple fried rice! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 273,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmNsvtncCog	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating fatty tuna sashimi and sushi! The most delicious part of Bluefin Tuna~! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 3,267,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK41eOEMTqk	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean spicy raw crab~(Yangnyeom Gejang) ^^* by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 2,471,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l7O0us0CXU	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Korean cow intestines! Gopchang (Small intestine), Daechang (Large intestine) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,007,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbbVwsKxCfw	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating Vietnamese rice noodles PHO and spring rolls with various fresh vegetables ^^* by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 1,030,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he2Cgr4J_jI	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating steamed big scallops and geoduck, pen shell. Spicy steamed scallops from Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 3,518,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARC9RUsc13I	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating raw seafood platter!! Sea cucumber, spoonworm, sea pineapple, abalone~ Mukbang by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 57 seconds 5,170,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDcjXzoeqsQ	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean Spicy Instant Noodles, Neoguri Ramen with cabbage kimchi and big mussels! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 478,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRs3JC8SLR0	ASMR Mukbang｜Raw salmon and salmon eggs on the rice! Salmon sashimi of Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 1,901,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7JNAn2FVCc	[Eng Sub] ASMR Mukbang｜*Raw Octopus Sashimi* and Tako wasabi with Korean liquor｜Eating Sound seafood by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 8,923,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esft9oYKtfg	ASMR Mukbang｜Tuna Kimchi jjigae of Korea and spam, egg fry, steamed rice｜Eating sound by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 1,874,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHtprndcNdY	ASMR Mukbang｜Baby Octopus? Webfoot octopus! Spicy fried octopus with rice and veggies. by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 1,707,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlBNyeC2Fjc	ASMR Mukbang｜Great quality Korean beef "Hanwoo" , charcoal grilled beef and scallops, pollack roe! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 4,203,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpWEDI02uxI	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean seafood soup mukbang, Eating sound. Squid, octopus, shell, abalone, etc by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 1,993,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFi8uf57c-g	ASMR Mukbang｜3.1kg very big whole king crab mukbang, Eating sound, whole giant king crab ASMR by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 4,998,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bJg2AsN1GQ	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean fried chicken and seasoned chicken with indomie mi goreng mukbang! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 637,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRaRSn90tMI	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating steamed big scallops and abalones. Spicy braised seafood from Korea by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 2,474,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eD58kof2vQ	ASMR｜Eating Japanese sushi and yakisoba with cold beer Mukbang! by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 987,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Td4QXHTV63g	ASMR｜Eating Korean cuttlefish sausage and Thailand mama instant noodles Tom Yum Kung flavoured by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 413,061 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4BDO7gAY_E	ASMR Mukbang｜Eating fresh oysters and boiled pork wrapped with kimchi, Bossam by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 657,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuorFyJBA1A	ASMR Mukbang｜Korean spicy steamed seafood platter (Braised spicy seafood) by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 7,757,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10EqlkgePlE	ASMR Mukbang｜Raw salmon and salmon sushi with sea grape! salmon sashimi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 3,099,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8bVwYuHrYA	[ENG Sub] ASMR Mukbang｜The most popular instant noodle in Vietnam "Mi Hao Hao" and Korean kimchi by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 2,202,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHYU-3_4-eE	[Eng Sub] KING Black Tiger Shrimp ASMR｜33cm Big Shrimp Mukbang! Big Prawn｜Eating sound by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 54 seconds 2,854,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOx46B7TPzc	[Eng Sub] ASMR Mukbang｜*Raw Octopus Sashimi* and Korean Liquor Soju with Ramen｜Eating Sound seafood by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 4,767,333 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL9jT6mtXuc	[Eng Sub] ASMR Mukbang｜Soy sauce marinated raw crab vs Spicy raw crabs｜Eating Sounds by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 4,865,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijbn3TeYvVQ	[ENG Sub] What is the hottest kimchi in the world?｜Fire kimchi vs Silvi kimchi｜Kimchi ＆ rice Mukbang by 까니짱 [ G-NI ] 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 3,205,185 views
