https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm-ZY_R3P2M	ASMR PINK CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *MAGNUM, SCREW BAR, STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM 핑크 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 hours ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 537,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_UfCVGXYn4	ASMR RICE CAKES FEAST *STICKY* ICE CREAM RICE CAKE 쫀득한 찹쌀떡, 찰떡 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 day ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 482,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLbEs62024Y	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERT *CHOCOLATE, STRAWBERRY, BANANA, RAINBOW CAKE 사각 케이크, 송편 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 days ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 587,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZYmxMSCK1E	ASMR MAGNUM ICE CREAM PARTY *CHOCOLATE, RUBY, ALMOND, COOKIE&CREAM 매그넘 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 days ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,482,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT7Yvv2WaCE	ASMR GREEN TEA CHOCOALTE GELATO, GREEN TEA CREPE CAKE, DRAGON BEARD CANDY 녹차 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 days ago 10 minutes, 1 second 719,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KVgyRg0t3s	ASMR JELLY PARTY *RAINBOW JELLY NOODLES, CUP JELLO, GRAPE MANGO PEACH JELLO 여러가지 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 days ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 1,430,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ3Da1aluWM	ASMR RAINBOW HALF MOON CAKE, LAYER CAKE, PASTEL MACARON 무지개 반달 떡, 과일 케이크, 파스텔 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 days ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 1,031,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0fNhTiNA70	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOWS, DIPPIN' DOTS 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 1,811,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO0ddW7lZqw	ASMR S'MORES DIP, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, RAINBOW CREPE CAKE 스모어딥, 초코 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 10 minutes, 1 second 885,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlURVlo8USY	ASMR RAINBOW FOOD *EDIBLE SPOON, UNICORN FRAPPE, RAINBOW CAKE, NERDS ROPE GUMMY 무지개 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 1,334,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CbUOimWTaU	ASMR PURPLE FOOD *BIG GRAPE JELLO, SWEET MOON BISCUIT, CREPE CAKE 빅 포도 젤리, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 1,653,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSEiEeZiTno	ASMR RAINBOW ICE CREAM *ICE CRACKING SOUND 무지개 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 2,167,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfUEW4MyHQY	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE FOOD *LAYER CAKE, MINT OREO COOKIE 민트 초코 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 1,071,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mropb90uhOA	ASMR RAINBOW JELLY GUMMY PARTY *CHICKEN GUMMY, RAINBOW GUMMY 초밥 젤리, 통닭 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 week ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 1,287,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deENbg9Wm3s	ASMR RAINBOW FOOD *RAINBOW CHEESE STICK, CREPE CAKE, MACARON, RICE CAKE 무지개 치즈, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,165,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVbLSJeO2bk	ASMR CHOCOLATE WAFFLE ICE CREAM, DARK CHOCOLATE SNACK, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 초코 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 1,464,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1l6BdtxYX0o	ASMR PURPLE ICE CREAM *BTS ICE CREAM, BIG DIPPIN' DOTS, GRAPE ICE 아이스크림, 구슬 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 1,744,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTEBLZXkSzM	ASMR GREEN FOOD *BOBA GREEN TEA, ICE BAR, GREN TEA CREPE CAKE 녹차 디저트, 크레이프, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 1,280,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_zKAfxak2E	ASMR MARS, BOUNTY, WHITE CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MAGNUM ICE CREAM 마스, 바운티 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 878,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zilfm5dm6p0	ASMR STRAWBERRY SCREW GUMMY, DONUT, MARSHMALLOW RICE CAKE, CREPE CAKE 딸기 디저트, 도너츠 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 875,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VU0UmxXqKT0	ASMR OREO ICE CREAM, RAINBOW OREO COOKIES, OREO MERINGUE COOKIE 오레오 아이스크림, 오레오 머랭쿠키 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 1,164,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YurNvoNTJsQ	ASMR RAINBOW PUSH POP, UNICORN MACARON, DONUT POP, CREPE CAKE 무지개 푸시팝 케이크, 유니콘 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 2,663,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tDRFVc_qIU	ASMR TWIX, MILKYWAY, DARK CHOCOLATE, MILK CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 트윅스, 밀키웨이 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 3,197,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9-qmmu28eg	ASMR YELLOW DESSERT *FREEZE POP, JELLO POP, BANANA DESSERT, MANGO GUMMY 노란색 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,501,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyVlWVL39RU	ASMR STRAWBERRY, GREEN TEA, CHOCOLATE, SWEET POTATO, MILK RICE CAKE 딸기, 녹차, 고구마 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 1,237,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYv8897HMec	ASMR M&M'S CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, GIANT CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, LIP ICE CREAM 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,540,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT3KjIpkR3w	ASMR GREEN DESSERT *EDIBLE SPOON, CREPE CAKE, CHOCOLATE RICE CAKE, ROLL CAKE 녹차 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 1,094,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6Ll4ReZz9w	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERT *CREPE CAKE, M&M'S CHOCOLATE BALLS, JELLY BELT 무지개 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,101,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqCbtI6ZL2s	MOST POPULAR BLUE DESSERT ASMR *TWIST DRINK, ROCK CANDY, SNOBALL, JELLY POP 파란 음식 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 weeks ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 2,223,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuSmiX32d8Y	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *TURTLE EGG, NUTELLA, MAGNUM, CRUNCHY CHOCOLATE 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 weeks ago 9 minutes, 50 seconds 3,756,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAwgkL_iRcU	ASMR HOMEMADE RICE CAKES *STRAWBERRY, WATERMELON, PEACH, ORANGE, MANGO 직접 만든 과일 화과자 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 1,953,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzVKUXPiN5U	ASMR PINK ICE CREAM *STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM, BUBBLES RICE CAKE, DIPPIN' DOTS 핑크 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 2,037,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S41G_yAV0Tk	ASMR WATERMELON DESSERT *SUGAR COOKIE ICING, CUP CAKE, JELLO 수박 아이싱 쿠키, 수박 컵케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 1,566,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMxnyIy56WU	ASMR YELLOW DESSERT *MINIONS, PORTUGUESE EGG TART, HONEYCOMB, BUNNY 벌집꿀, 에그타르트, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 1,162,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LCk2_T_nrY	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERT *PUSH POP JELLY, EDIBLE SPOON, RAINBOW GUMMY 무지개 푸시팝 젤리, 먹는 숟가락 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes 2,571,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wYgSKII75A	ASMR BURGER KING WHOPPER, CHEESE BALL, ONION RING, HAMBURGER GUMMY 버거킹 와퍼주니어, 치즈볼 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 796,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20M8FJe1WFk	ASMR WATERMELON TANGHULU, GRAPE TANGHULU, CANDIED FRUIT 수박 탕후루, 샤인머스캣 탕후루 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 705,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY3CVgLfzcU	ASMR TARO BUBBLE TEA, GREEN TEA *BOBA MILK TEA, MACARON PARTY 타로 버블티, 녹차 버블티, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 2,336,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q3AE0aHqJ8	ASMR ICE CREAM SHERBET *WATERMELON ICE CREAM, STRAWBERRY YOGURT ICE CREAM 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 1,370,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brE039-sa6E	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERTS *CAKE POP, STAR CANDY, M&M'S CHOCOLATE WAFFLE, MARSHMALLOWS 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 15 minutes 1,617,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKaMaMzgQI4	ASMR FAVORITE PINK DESSERT *MARSHMALLOW POP, BABY BOTTLE POP, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 2,171,929 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN6wI-Hb4Ac	ASMR ICE CREAM PARTY *CHOCOLATE PARFAIT, DIPPIN' DOTS, MAGNUM, ASTRONAUT ICE CREAM EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 5,755,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZ3TlMnH0lo	ASMR JELLY PARTY *BANANA JELLO, GIANT GRAPE JELLO, GREEN GRAPE, PEACH, PLANET GUMMY 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 2,128,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AtCRy2gOkk	ASMR PURPLE ICE CREAM *BTS ICE CREAM, OREO ICE CREAM, MACARON ICE CREAM, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 2,356,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF8WjM0IalA	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE *MINT BUBBLE TEA, MINT CHOCOLATE CAKE, MINT OREO 민트 초코 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 1,749,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEOjMBGIrSk	ASMR RAINBOW PARTY *EDIBLE HAIR COMB, EDIBLE SPOON, UNICORN FRAPPE, CREPE CAKE 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 5,922,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Toz1wMlLySs	ASMR GREEN FOODS *TENNIS BALL GUM, GREEN TEA OMELETTE, NUTELLA TOAST, JELLY NOODLES 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 882,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH9R3sZPMCI	ASMR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS *CHOCOLATE BANANA DIPPIN' DOTS, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, WAFFLE 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 785,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSCKiZMw_Bg	ASMR WATERMELON *HOT POPS, WATERMELON SHAVED ICE, WATERMELON GUMMY, RICE CAKE 수박 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 2,191,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KyS7fSXwM8	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *HEART CHOCOLATE, RAINBOW MACARON, LAYER CAKE, MARSHMALLOW, GUMMY먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 1,702,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW-5Dnnrd4E	ASMR PINK FOODS *HEART CAKE, PINK OREO, EDIBLE LIPSTICK, PINK JELLO, PINK CHOCOLATE 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 1,319,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qduxy3pJa1Y	ASMR CHOCOLATE PARTY *MALTESERS SPREAD, CHOCOLATE CONE, TIRAMISU CREPE CAKE 초코 몰티져스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 2,819,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os33BEO8WxQ	ASMR BLUE ICE CREAM *DIPPIN' DOTS, JAWS BAR, CANDY BAR, ICE CRACKING SOUNDS 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 14 minutes, 9 seconds 2,581,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hO8gGC-ekMg	ASMR YELLOW FOODS *MANGO ICE CREAM, HONEYCOMB, MANGO JELLY, SWEET POTATO CAKE 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 1,189,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UET3rWu_aA0	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH, JELLY NOODLES, CREPE CAKE, NERDS ROPE GUMMY 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 2,816,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh0WEMQAq70	ASMR GREEN FOODS *ICE CREAM, EDIBLE SPOON, GREEN TEA CREPE CAKE, JELLY 먹는숟가락, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 3,330,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtNGqX67YlU	ASMR DOLPHIN JELLY, MERMAID CAKE, SEA PEARLS, CLAM CUP CAKE 돌고래 젤리, 인어공주 케이크, 진주 조개 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 1,269,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2stgcrQlYE	ASMR CHOCOLATE PARTY *CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, WAFFLE, RICE CAKES, TART 초콜릿 아이스크림, 초코찰떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 4,430,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ61WtCRDd4	ASMR PURPLE DESSERTS *BTS ICE CREAM, EDIBLE SPOON, MACARON ICE CREAM, GRAPE JELLY 보라먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 3,431,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Y4X12aN6QQ	ASMR STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM, HONEY, GREEN TEA, MANGO, BLUEBERRY RICE CAKE 딸기 찹쌀떡, 꿀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 1,187,925 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWFX-BD7Xrc	ASMR PINK DESSERTS *PEACH RICE CAKE, NIK-L-NIP WAX STICK, JELLY GUMMY 복숭아 떡, 닉클립 왁스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 month ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,517,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWnoweEjx_w	ASMR WATERMELON DESSERTS *EDIBLE SPOON, WATERMELON CAKE, ROCK CANDY, JELLY 수박 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 17 minutes 4,588,334 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6pCV6WF_WY	ASMR RAINBOW ICE CREAM *GREEN TEA, GRAPE, STRAWBERRY, ORANGE 무지개 아이스크림 *녹차, 쌍쌍바 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 3,186,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0RwVd9Gh0c	ASMR GUMMY JELLY PARTY *RAINBOW JELLY BELT, GIANT COLA GUMMY, HAMBURGER GUMMY 젤리 파티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 16 minutes 5,345,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3vNicBH0Yo	ASMR JELLY FOOD VS REAL FOOD CHALLENGE 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 1,087,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVZa-r0oRCU	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERTS *CRYSTAL JELLY, CAKE, MACARON 무지개 마카롱, 무지개 케이크, 보석 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 17 minutes 2,312,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdDG2NvcuUc	ASMR GREEN FOODS *GREEN TEA CREPE CAKE, GRAPE JELLO, NIK-L-NIP WAX BOTTLE 녹차 크레이프 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 2,608,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoK2jNxtTsA	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *RAINBOW STICKS, CAKE POP, JELLY, MACARON 무지개 스틱, 케이크팝, 젤리, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 1,713,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHG3wTM-SDA	ASMR PEACH CAKE, WATERMELON BAR, MACARON JELLY, PINK RICE CAKES 복숭아 케이크, 수박떡, 마카롱젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 3,021,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwKRPqjbRpo	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *OREO ICE CREAM, MAGNUM ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림, 펭수 아이스크림, 매그넘 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 2,266,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKTClctFTes	ASMR FRUIT CAKE PARTY *STRAWBERRY, PEACH, MANGOSTEEN, ICE CREAM 과일 화과자, 딸기, 복숭아, 귤 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 3,329,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhe4o0ySuMY	ASMR GRAPE JELLO, PEACH JELLO, MANGO JELLO, JELLY NOODLES, MOUSSE CAKE 포도 젤리, 무스케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 2,041,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHKtwktjtNE	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *WATERMELON SQUARE, RICE CAKE, CREPE CAKE 무지개 바람떡, 수박떡, 바람개비 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 15 minutes 6,074,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ISmvxgzRfM	ASMR RAINBOW ICE CREAM PARTY *GREEN TEA, TARO, MANGO, MAGNUM 무지개 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 6,157,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6tnqa45HYw	ASMR OREO PARTY *RAINBOW OREO COOKIE, DIPPIN' DOTS OREO ICE CREAM 오레오 구슬 아이스크림, 이글루 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes 1,147,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0L32P_lQfs	ASMR GREEN FOODS *EDIBLE SPOON, BUBBLE TEA, APPLE GUMMY 녹차 먹는 숟가락, 사과 젤리, 크롱 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 4,183,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjVCU1zmMac	ASMR PURPLE&PINK JELLY NOODLES, CHERRY PLUM, CUP JELLO 보라 핑크 체리 자두, 젤리 국수, 컵 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 1,128,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMuXpd7xH2o	ASMR S'MORES DIP, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW 스모어딥, 초콜릿 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 3,266,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7odT9eUKb8	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *JELLY STICK, CAKE POP, CREPE CAKE, GUMMY BALL 무지개 케이크팝, 젤리 스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 15 minutes 3,343,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qgsObg10W0	ASMR ORANGE FOODS *JACKFRUIT, MANGO GUMMY, PINEAPPLE JELLY 잭프루트, 망고 젤리, 파인애플 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 16 minutes 2,696,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qz7QyRfKrrM	ASMR FLOWER JELLO, GRAPE JELLY, PLANET GUMMY JELLY 꽃 젤리, 청포도 젤리, 지구 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 1,294,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xUUqDM_bCM	ASMR PINK FOODS *STRAWBERRY CHOCOLATE PIE, CREPE CAKE, PEACH MACARON 복숭아 마카롱, 딸기 초코 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,890,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h0hwiTOXwI	ASMR ICE CREAM PARTY *OREO ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 오레오 아이스크림, 배라 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 21,476,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prNKjc_3THw	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *TWIST DRINK, RAINBOW BOBA, LEGO MAN JELLY 트위스트 음료, M&M'S 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 4,780,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBPFH3yfqGk	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *RAINDROP JELLY, FRUIT GUMMY, JELLY NOODLES 무지개 물방울 젤리, 과일 톡톡 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 3,900,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn1K5xj_GSM	ASMR PINK FOODS *PEACH CAKE, JELLY, COTTON CANDY, RICE CAKE 복숭아 떡, 복숭아 젤리, 핑크 솜사탕 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 5,794,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyThF05w3lQ	ASMR WATERMELON GUMMY JELLY, WATERMELON RICE CAKE, WATERMELON TOAST 수박 떡, 수박 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 2,337,191 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4UkqrgJ_Fk	ASMR GIANT CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, ANIMAL ICE CREAM, RICE CKAE 대왕 초콜릿 아이스크림, 발바닥 아이스크림 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 2,780,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUgW2QECoRA	ASMR PINK FOODS *ROSE ICE CREAM, FLAMINGO MACARON, PEACH RICE CAKE 장미 아이스크림, 복숭아 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 2,777,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_D7ULzpVoRU	ASMR RED FOODS *TWIST DRINK, HEART CAKE, TIKTOK JELLO 빨간색 음식 *트위스트 음료수, 하트 케이크, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,854,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pJhP_EkAYQ	ASMR LASER POP, WOOL CAKE, LUMINOUS CANDY, GRAPE JELLY 레이저 팝, 털실 케이크, 야광 캔디, 포도 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 15 minutes 2,499,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWe8pqw-FtE	ASMR RAINBOW CUBE JELLY, FRUIT RICE CAKE, BOBA BUBBLE TEA 무지개 큐브 젤리, 과일 찹쌀떡, 딸기 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 2 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 1,008,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dqp09rv7vvA	ASMR EDIBLE EYE SHADOW, EDIBLE LIPSTICK, EDIBLE HAIR COMB, WAX LIPS 먹는 립스틱, 먹는 빗 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 5,933,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snngzcOnSac	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, HONEYCOMB MACARON, RAINBOW CREPE CAKE 초콜릿 아이스크림, 달고나 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 3,215,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcKP-dQik-8	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *BIG KONPEITO, GUMMY, ICE CREAM MARSHMALLOW 무지개 케이크, 젤리, 머랭쿠키 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 6,047,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKs1tIU8OdU	ASMR PEACH CHOCOLATE, PEACH JELLY, PEACH GUMMY, PEACH CAKE 복숭아 초콜릿, 복숭아 젤리, 복숭아 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 2,541,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2et_sk-AV8	ASMR GREEN TEA ICE CREAM *BIG DIPPIN' DOTS, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 녹차 아이스크림, 구슬아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 3,749,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r0F7mA4OSU	ASMR PINK ICE CREAM *DIPPIN' DOTS, MAGNUM, MACARON ICE CREAM 핑크 구슬 아이스크림, 매그넘 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 14,257,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgMde6uA25I	ASMR RAINBOW EDIBLE PERFUME BOTTLE JELLY, EDIBLE LIPSTICK 무지개 먹는 향수병, 무지개 먹는 립스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 4,103,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZYJIjKXJI4	ASMR BLUE FOODS *CRYSTAL JELLY, HONEYCOMB, CUP JELLO, GUMMY JELLY 크리스탈 젤리, 컵 젤리, 벌집꿀 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 3,230,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWcc0IjMyA8	ASMR NIK-L-NIP WAX SPOON, NIK-L-NIP WAX BALL, FRUIT JELLY 닉클립 왁스병, 먹는 숟가락, 닉클립 왁스볼 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 2,335,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ot8mTTk_fTk	ASMR PINK FOODS *PEACH CAKE, CREPE CAKE, CAKE POP, PINK OREO 복숭아 빵, 핑크 오레오, 케이크 팝 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 6,749,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jalemQQ2aew	ASMR UNICORN FOODS *MARSHMALLOW, JELLY, ICE CREAM 유니콘 마쉬멜로우, 젤리, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 14 minutes, 26 seconds 2,953,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIA8MEjJ678	ASMR NIK-L-NIP PERFUME WAX BOTTLE, NIK-L-NIP WAX BALLS, RICE CAKES 닉클립 향수병, 닉클립 왁스볼 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 4,743,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tdjsEHnf40	ASMR WATERMELON JELLY, EDIBLE SPOON, EDIBLE SHOT GLASS, WATERMELON MACARON 수박 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 6,766,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McKtRsHR4sk	ASMR GREEN FOODS *GRAPE JELLY, GUM, GREEN TEA RICE CAKE, TART 포도 젤리, 껌, 녹차 찰떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 1,960,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvbDlASvAk0	ASMR RAINBOW OREO *HOMEMADE* CAKE POP, CREPE CAKE, MARSHMALLOW 직접 만든 무지개 오레오, 케이크팝 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 5,620,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhbZBKier2Y	ASMR EDIBLE LIPSTICK, GRAPE JELLY, CREPE CAKE, TIKTOK JELLO 먹는 립스틱, 포도 젤리, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 20,288,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KPMTWvhKGs	ASMR BLUE FOODS *EDIBLE HAIR COMB, MINT CHOCOLATE CAKE, MARSHMALLOWS 먹는 빗, 민트초코 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 2,884,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uOZcTsMhsc	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *JELLY, MARSHMALLOWS, CAKE, CHERRY MACARON 무지개 젤리, 마쉬멜로우, 체리 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 3,096,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcQk9upV05I	ASMR PINK FOODS *CAKE BITES, PEACH GUMMY JELLY, STRAWBERRY MACARON 케이크팝, 복숭아 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 3,508,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eKu-yxiqgQ	ASMR FROZEN JELLY, FROZEN POPPING BOBA 얼린 젤리, 무지개 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 3,793,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK5sBJPkZ8A	ASMR BUBBLES RICE CAKES ICE CREAM, RAINBOW MACARON 찹쌀떡 아이스크림, 무지개 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 7,731,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jgl3X4e0Gs	ASMR UNICORN FOOD *EDIBLE SPOON, JELLY, MARSHMALLOW, CAKE 유니콘 마쉬멜로우, 젤리, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 15 minutes 4,151,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7Y2Y75f0nQ	ASMR GRAPE JELLY, PEACH JELLY, JELLY NOODLES, POPPING BOBA 복숭아 젤리, 청포도 젤리, 팝핑 보바 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,265,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Otg-M4V7X14	ASMR NIK-L-NIP WAX BALL JELLY, LEGO WAX BOTTLE JELLY 닉클립 왁스 볼 젤리, 레고 닉클립 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 4,055,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TD9K_yeXIfE	ASMR PINK BOBA PEARLS, STRAWBERRY JELLO, GALAXY JELLY 핑크 타피오카 펄, 딸기 젤리, 갤럭시 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 1,647,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRcdqhrMA0E	ASMR GREEN TEA DESSERTS *BOBA BUBBLE TEA, GREEN TEA CAKE 녹차 버블티, 녹차 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 4,439,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw1LkLXskC0	ASMR LIGHT BABY BOTTLE JELLY, LIGHT JELLY RING, RAINBOW CAKE 불빛 우유병 젤리, 반짝반짝 젤리 반지 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 4,033,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVVjlXWUK8A	ASMR LIGHT JELLY, NIK-L-NIP WAX BALL, RAINBOW CREPE CAKE 불빛 젤리, 닉클립 왁스볼, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 16,888,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xile-LL8egQ	ASMR WATERMELON DESSERTS *WATERMELON PUNCH, MACARON, JELLY 수박화채, 수박 마카롱, 수박 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 7,498,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pas4IaV1vzI	ASMR PINK LIGHT CANDY, FLOWER JELLY, PEACH JELLY, PINK OREO, STRAWBERRY MACARON 핑크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 3 months ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 2,888,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8tmp_ubZCg	ASMR RAINBOW JELLO SHOOTER, NIK-L-NIP WAX STICK, RAINBOW JELLY 무지개 젤로 슈터 *주사기 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 7,505,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZDCWirrbbE	ASMR RAINBOW LEGO BLOCK JELLY, LEGO MAN CHOCOLATE, GUMMY 무지개 레고 블록 젤리, 레고 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 13,621,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFghrpdUqug	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *GIANT BOBA, RAINBOW CHEESE, JELLY GUMMY, CAKE 무지개 치즈, 대왕 팝핑보바 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 17 minutes 9,604,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2hhxZ_92Ig	ASMR PURPLE FOODS *EDIBLE PERFUME WAX BOTTLE, GALAXY GRAPE JELLY 보라색 먹는 향수병 닉클립 왁스병, 갤럭시 캔디, 포도젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 2,369,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuCpVqDXLas	ASMR RED FOODS *EDIBLE HIGH HEEL, JELLY NOODLES, STRAWBERRY CREPE CAKE 먹는 구두, 먹는 컵 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 1,639,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PUNc_DZxY0	ASMR EDIBLE SPOON NIK-L-NIP, LEGO WAX BOTTLE, EDIBLE HAIR COMB, EDIBLE iPHONE 레고 닉클립, 먹는 아이폰, 숟가락 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 10,337,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ7T4ipfa9Y	ASMR FRUIT *LUK CHUP CAKE, GREEN TEA RICE CAKE, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE 과일 룩춥, 녹차 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 1,909,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulsEJuLNvPk	ASMR FRUIT JELLY *GRAPE JELLY, JELLY NOODLES, TikTok FRUIT JELLY 포도 젤리, 틱톡 과일 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 1,979,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEelBakHuKg	ASMR MANGOSTEEN, PEACH MUNG BEAN CAKE *LUK CHUP, PINK MACARON 망고스틴, 복숭아 룩춥, 핑크 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 1,742,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wle2xn3Bbr8	ASMR LEGO NIK-L-NIP WAX BOTTLE, RAINBOW CONE, CAKE POP 레고 닉클립 왁스병, 무지개 아이스크림 콘 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 2,198,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsWSp3sfXcU	ASMR ORANGE FOODS *MANGO JELLY, NIK-L-NIP WAX BOTTLE 망고 젤리, 닉클립 왁스병, 화과자, 락캔디 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 1,871,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRCgQs1tfoo	ASMR PINK CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MAGNUM ICE CREAM 매그넘 루비 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 1,984,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1voX9zPXCw	ASMR GRAPE JELLY, PEACH JELLY, GUMMY JELLY, PLANET GUMMY 청포도 젤리, 축구공 젤리, 지구젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 5,320,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ht8nMBEE4c	ASMR MERMAID FOODS *SHELLS MACARON, MERMAID TAIL CAKE, ICE CREAM 인어공주 케이크, 조개 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 2,934,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH6d-TvCkEU	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *UNICORN COOKIE, NIK-L-NIP WAX STICKS, EDIBLE SPOON 유니콘 쿠키, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 4,477,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtWE8ENLy0w	ASMR PINK FOODS *EDIBLE HAIR COMB, EDIBLE LIPSTICK, STRAWBERRY MACARON 먹는 빗, 먹는 립스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 14,966,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKMbURK4mwo	ASMR BLUE FOODS *BLUE BUBBLE TEA, GALAXY JELLY, PLANET GUMMY 갤럭시 젤리, 버블티, 너드 로프젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 2,374,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWwRLSxUs14	ASMR PURPLE GALAXY ICE CREAM, EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH, TARO MILK TEA 갤럭시 아이스크림, 먹는 빗 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 9,537,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOC32K9LDq4	ASMR GREEN TEA CREPE CAKE, ICE CREAM GUMMY, EDIBLE TOWEL 녹차 찹쌀떡, 먹는 수건, 녹차 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 1,933,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWI5GeUjbak	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERTS *RAINBOW BAGEL, FRUIT JELLY, JELLY NOODLES 무지개 베이글, 과일 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 6,198,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGPx0eyMDN0	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM PARTY, ASTRONAUT ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림, 우주 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 3,261,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuNA4qGOggo	ASMR PINK FOODS *PINK OREO, GALAXY PEACH JELLO, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE 핑크 오레오, 갤럭시 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 3,065,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzLUsZAorCc	ASMR BURGERKING WHOPPER, CHICKEN NUGGETS, FRIES, HOT WING w/ CHEESE SAUCE 버거킹 햄버거 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 11 minutes 1,428,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NVb4gmDEVM	ASMR *TANGHULU* MANGO TANGHULU, STRAWBERRY TANGHULU, GRAPES *망고 탕후루, 딸기 탕후루, 포도 탕후루 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 1,619,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtX3pSvSBp8	ASMR *STICKY* HONEY RICE CAKES, RAINBOW MACARON 꿀떡, 찹쌀경단, 무지개 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 2,642,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWyRZLjeLvc	ASMR BEEF STEAK, BLACK BEAN NOODLES 짜파구리, 1+ 한우 채끝 스테이크 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,579,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FqgAi2fcnM	ASMR PINK FOOD *JELLY NOODLES, MACARON ICE CREAM STRAWBERRY 마카롱 아이스크림, 젤리 국수 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 1,254,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPtSgolBhec	ASMR CHOCOLATE PROFITEROLE, CHOCOLATE COVERED MARSHMALLOWS 프로피테롤, 초콜릿 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,322,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMG2dCGLViA	ASMR FRUIT CAKE, BLUE ICE CREAM, EDIBLE SPOON, MARSHMALLOW 화과자, 아이스크림 케이크, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 1,399,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c_16ZKBx9U	ASMR RAINBOW EDIBLE SPOON, COTTON CANDY, CREPE CAKE, MARSHMALLOWS 무지개 먹는 숟가락, 솜사탕 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 3,180,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EFUGACPmmI	ASMR GALAXY FOODS *HONEYCOMB, CRYSTAL CANDY, EDIBLE CUP 갤럭시 원석 사탕, 먹는 컵, 벌집꿀, 지구젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 4 months ago 15 minutes 1,885,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SThqR1W8ypM	ASMR GREEN TEA BUBBLE TEA, ICE CREAM, RICE CAKES 녹차 버블티, 녹차 아이스크림, 녹차 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 4,961,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn6yB22Jl1I	ASMR S'MORES DIP, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, RAINBOW CREPE CAKE 스모어딥, 초콜릿 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,522,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_Dvuns27ZA	ASMR PINK FOOD *JELLY GUMMY, PEACH JELLO, ROPE GUMMY 왕 구슬아이스크림, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 1,388,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0ZukfzvqcU	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *NIK-L-NIP WAX STICKS, MACARON, CAKE 무지개 닉클립 왁스 스틱, 마카롱, 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 9,949,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNpksGOh8FE	ASMR *ALOE VERA, HONEYCOMB, BOBA TAPIOCA PEARLS 알로에, 벌집꿀, 타피오카펄 먹방 EATING SOUNDS (NO TALKING) by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 1,392,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlEGIQRnevI	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SWEET FRIED CHICKEN 진진짜라 짜장 라면, 양념 치킨 닭다리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,415,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2o-zzVJSr9o	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE *OREO, CAKE, MAGNUM ICE CREAM 민트 초코 케이크, 매그넘 아이스크림, 오레오 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 13 minutes, 37 seconds 3,482,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdumeJhvFUg	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *EDIBLE SPOON, CAKE, MACARON, FRUIT JAM 화과자, 먹는 숟가락, 무지개 잼 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 3,645,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWxVsGqKEio	ASMR MOST POPULAR JELLO *TIKTOK FRUIT JELLY, JELLY NOODLES 과일 젤리, 젤리 국수, 컵 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,068,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_UrQm-Wj3Q	ASMR PINK FOODS *PEACH JELLO, RICE CAKES, STRAWBERRY 복숭아 젤리, 벚꽃 떡, 딸기 찹쌀떡, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 5,154,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acnVlO_q1po	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *MAGNUM ICE CREAM 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,991,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtQlcyW976M	ASMR *CLEAR FOOD* ALOE VERA, BOBA, FROZEN EDIBLE SPOON, JELLY NOODLES 알로에, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 3,530,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFIujj_NryY	ASMR EDIBLE iPHONE, PLANET GUMMY, EDIBLE SPOON, JELLY NOODLES 먹는 아이폰, 먹는 숟가락, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 9,797,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUTrMOh6oQM	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE NOODLES, SPICY MUSHROOMS 핵불닭 팽이버섯, 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 735,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4bru-TdJTI	ASMR RAINBOW FOODS *BUBBLE GUM, CAKE POP, ICE CREAM 무지개 풍선껌, 케이크팝, 무지개 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 14 minutes, 26 seconds 3,770,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3ZD_BLiydo	ASMR GALAXY FOODS *HONEYCOMB, EDIBLE SPOON, JELLY JELLO 갤럭시 벌집꿀, 먹는 숟가락, 젤리 국수 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,635,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzaT5zeAq-Q	ASMR BLUE JELLY, GALAXY CANDY GUMMY, CANDY 파란 젤리, 갤럭시 캔디 지구젤리,  너드 로프 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 1,362,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1detx3oTv0	ASMR EDIBLE HIGH HEELS, EDIBLE LIPSTICKS, EDIBLE FLOWER POT 먹는 하이힐, 먹는 립스틱, 먹는 화분 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,148,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95pLc-uS8jc	ASMR STRAWBERRY BUBBLE TEA, JELLO, CHOCOLATE, CREPE CAKE 딸기 버블티, 젤리, 초콜릿, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 4,770,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eNut2lYCQs	ASMR GREEN & YELLOW PINEAPPLE JELLY, ROPE GUMMY, ICE CREAM 파인애플 로프 젤리, 아이스크림, 화과자 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 935,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SekXOVb6Oa0	ASMR FRUITS RICE CAKE, PEACH CHOCOLATE, ICE CREAM 과일 화과자, 복숭아 초콜릿, 찰떡 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 4,653,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAVND3080IA	ASMR CANDIED FRUITS *TANGHULU 과일 사탕 탕후루 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,783,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eQNOTnP34Q	ASMR TikTok FRUIT JELLY, RAINBOW JELLY NOODLES 틱톡 과일 젤리, 무지개 젤리 국수 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 7,563,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hurGRpDwYeM	ASMR WATERMELON, ICED WATERMELON, GUMMY JELLY 수박 얼음, 수박 젤리, 수박 너드 로프젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 15 minutes 4,364,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISLPCeceNes	ASMR LIPS ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 입술 아이스크림, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,740,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUelr9L5-vg	ASMR HAMBURGER MACARON, FAST FOOD GUMMY JELLY 햄버거 마카롱, 피자, 감자튀김 콜라 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 2,180,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eyApShjosc	ASMR JELLO SHOOTER, EDIBLE SPOON, GRAPE JELLY, EDIBLE SHOT GLASS 젤로 슈터, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 11 minutes 7,974,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHLS3WAGTKQ	ASMR PINK PEACH JELLY, DICE CANDY, ROCK CANDY, CHEESE CAKE 복숭아 젤리, 주사위 사탕, 치즈케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 3,040,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aizsfkE3kuk	ASMR RAINBOW JELLY, CRYSTAL JELLY, CAKE 무지개 젤리, 크리스탈 젤리, 무지개 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 1,569,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGnZtMhi-dA	ASMR YELLOW JELLY NOODLES, GUMMY JELLY, ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW 젤리국수, 눈알 젤리, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 5 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,371,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OACRwTG28PI	MOST POPULAR PINK FOODS *STRAWBERRY, HONEYCOMB, RICE CAKES 딸기 디저트, 벌집꿀, 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 5,438,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc3HOQXVkEc	ASMR BLUE&PURPLE JELLY GUMMY, MARSHMALLOW, ROCK CANDY 블루 퍼플 젤리 구미, 마쉬멜로우, 락캔디 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 3,333,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDX7RDfdnNY	ASMR CHOCOLATE  ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,301,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiqROzpByK4	ASMR FRUITS CAKE, HOMEMADE STRAWBERRY MACARON 과일 만주 화과자, 직접 만든 딸기 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 2,214,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSM7tt0Ob-w	ASMR SHEET JELLY, GREEN TEA, STRAWBERRY 시트 젤리, 녹차 디저트, 딸기 디저트 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 1,129,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iqj2XN7xcy8	ASMR MALA HOT CHICKEN, SPICY FIRE NOODLES 마라 치킨, 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 1,326,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNj0iZ6-hsg	ASMR FRESH STRAWBERRY, MACARON, MERINGUE COOKIES 딸기, 마카롱, 머랭쿠키 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,265,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDsSbUFjA7g	ASMR RAINBOW JELLY NOODLES, NIK-L-NIP WAX SITCKS, ROPE GUMMY 레인보우 젤리 국수, 닉클립 왁스 스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 5,557,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Lv1SHJfnH0	ASMR *EDIBLE SPOON, LIPSTICK, HAIR COMB 먹는 숟가락, 먹는 립스틱, 먹는 빗 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 10,931,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5CdTPu8lDE	ASMR DRAWING CANDY, STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOWS 드로잉 캔디, 딸기 찰떡아이스, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 16 minutes 2,514,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoyCLZFLc08	ASMR RAINBOW EDIBLE SPOON, GUMMY NOODLES, OREO, MACARON 먹는 숟가락, 무지개 젤리, 무지개 오레오 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 11,783,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3_F6nbULNI	ASMR CHICKEN, SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES 불타는 고추짜장, 양념 치킨 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,915,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgiaYfjNDak	ASMR FRUITS RICE CAKE, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE 딸기 찹쌀떡, 과일 화과자 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,285,967 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCbjs6_VyBk	ASMR UNIVERSE JELLY, HONEYCOMB, JELLY NOODLES, CANDY 우주 젤리, 벌집꿀, 젤리 국수, 유니버스 캔디 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 4,089,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_mqQ2_FLbA	ASMR SHEET JELLY, EDIBLE SPOON, CHEESE CAKE 시트 젤리, 먹는 숟가락, 치즈케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 1,451,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnBNsSWG54E	ASMR MAGNUM ICE CREAM 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 2,527,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kO1FoShJZjM	ASMR COLORFUL FOODS *CREPE CAKE, GUMMY JELLY 크레이프 케이크, 눈알 젤리, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 2,204,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJxWhuFDaew	ASMR EDIBLE CACTUS, EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH *COMB, JELLY, EDIBLE LIPSTICK 먹는 빗, 먹는 거울, 먹는 립스틱 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 6,110,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgqWvFzBt3I	ASMR CRISPY CRUNCHY CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 돼지바 아이스크림, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 2,181,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfwjsYM0vKg	ASMR SUNFLOWER MERINGUE COOKIE, BOBA BUBBLE TEA 해바라기 머랭쿠키, 버블티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 756,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZ_C8kWo9m0	ASMR GRAPE JELLY, PEACH JELLY 청포도 젤리, 복숭아 젤리, 포도 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 8 minutes, 39 seconds 3,941,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7iFIJK_VQQ	ASMR BURGER AND FRIES, HAMBURGER GUMMY JELLY 쉑쉑버거, 햄버거 젤리, 감자튀김 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 797,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwZwMpy5okI	ASMR CHERRY BLOSSOM BREAD, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKES, PURPLE RICE CAKES 딸기 찹쌀떡, 벚꽃 빵 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 1,394,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUWw3NNRPVM	ASMR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS FEAST 초콜릿 디저트 파티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 2,532,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUIVgHeom0M	ASMR ROSE POP, EDIBLE LIPSTICK, MERMAID CANDY 먹는 립스틱, 장미꽃 팝, 수수깡 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 4,046,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HhFL5fh9uE	ASMR RAINBOW RICE CAKES, MARSHMALLOWS, CAKE 무지개 찹쌀떡, 마쉬멜로우, 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 1,462,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H_oozl6G7k	ASMR BLUE & WHITE FOODS *BOBA, JELLY NOODLES 블루&화이트 젤리국수, 팝핑보바 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 2,694,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxMB_Oc34pc	ASMR STRAWBERRY DESSERTS FEAST 딸기 디저트 파티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 6,696,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E-ghMP9SEE	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + SPAM 짜파게티, 통스팸 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 1,137,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz8RXJR2_2Y	ASMR GOLDEN FOOD *JEWEL BOX, HONEYCOMB, SPOON 골드 푸드 *보석함, 벌집꿀, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,757,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzjz775tmhQ	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MALLOWMARS, RICE CAKES 초콜릿 아이스크림, 찹쌀떡 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 6 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 747,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo77EexaFR4	ASMR PLANET GUMMY, JELLY NOODLES, EGG GUMMY 행성 젤리, 젤리 국수, 계란 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 8,878,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jszBM6xhZ3Y	ASMR ICE CREAM RICE CAKES, MACARON, TURKISH DELIGHT 찰떡 아이스크림, 마카롱, 터키쉬딜라이트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,322,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfJkV9LdAPs	ASMR RAW PORK BELLY JELLY, EDIBLE iPHONE, EDIBLE LIPSTICKS 생 삼겹살 젤리, 먹는 아이폰, 먹는 립스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 3,006,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkVxfe9Kgnw	ASMR KFC SNACKS *HOT WING, CHICKEN TENDER, TTEOKBOKKI 텐더 떡볶이 KFC 핫윙 치킨, 치킨 텐더 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,458,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UU70gRHZm4	ASMR RAINBOW JELLY BALLS, CREPE CAKE, ICE CREAM 무지개 젤리, 크레이프 케이크, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 3,581,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZYXsJPl1n0	ASMR HOT CHEETOS ONION RING, CORN DOG 매운 치토스 어니언링, 핫도그 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 1,716,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_xsrEHLTRI	ASMR EDIBLE iPHONE, EDIBLE SPOON, JELLY NOODLES 먹는 아이폰, 먹는 숟가락, 젤리 국수 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 20,478,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6Sym5aAyOY	ASMR PAVE CHOCOLATE, CHOCOLATE RICE CAKE, MACARON ICE CREAM 파베 초콜릿, 초코 찰떡, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 2,551,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P_qJrhOh0I	ASMR STRAWBERRY CREAM OMELETTE, NIK-L-NIPS WAX STICK, MARSHMALLOWS 닉클립 스틱, 딸기 오믈렛 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 2,007,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDra9PF_2a4	ASMR S'MORES DIP *RECIPE* CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 스모어딥, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 3,275,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urEgGx6Yi6s	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, CHICKEN, CHEESE BALLS 짜파게티, 치즈볼, 시크릿 양념 닭다리 치킨 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 3,815,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90Jb6pMc3-Y	ASMR TELEPHONE CANDY, GIANT CHEWY SWEET TART, ROPE JELLY, GUMMY 전화기 사탕, 자이언트 스윗타르트, 로프젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 16 minutes 9,353,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9wtK5dbHSw	ASMR FROZEN JELLY NOODLES, GIANT KIT KAT ICE CREAM 얼린 젤리 국수, 자이언트 킷캣 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 1,977,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22j3lb8t218	ASMR TANGHULU ICE CREAM, HONEYCOMB, STRAWBERRY, GUMMY 탕후루 아이스크림, 벌집꿀, 딸기 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 2,628,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8Au0cijNZI	ASMR OREO CARAMEL ICE CREAM, OREO COOKIES 베라 오레오 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 793,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXVpdVF-oN4	ASMR ICE CREAM CAKE POP, EDIBLE SPOON, GUMMY JELLY 아이스크림 케이크팝, 먹는 숟가락, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 2,856,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvZnEYk-PIA	ASMR EDIBLE TOWEL CREPE CAKE, PLANET GUMMY, MERMAID JELLY, BUBBLE TEA 먹는 수건, 수수깡젤리, 대왕지구젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 4,917,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMLmsxzIQ9k	ASMR SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOMS, FRIED CHICKEN 뿌링클 닭다리 치킨, 매운 팽이버섯 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 2,598,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSYzk1H6pUA	ASMR SNICKERS, MAGNUM ICE CREAM, GREEN TEA SPREAD 스니커즈, 매그넘 아이스크림, 녹차 스프레드 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 1,985,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBWSsx956bM	ASMR NIK-L-NIP WAX STICK, BUBBLES RICE CAKES, CREPE CAKE 닉클립 왁스 스틱, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 17,109,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez5PJ6OcK1U	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE SALMON SASHIMI, CHEESY FIRE TTEOKBOKKI 핵불닭 연어 회, 치즈 불닭 떡볶이 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 937,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNQLiEDG-U8	ASMR BLUE BABY BOTTLE POP, ROPE JELLY, PUSH POP 빅 구슬 젤리, 너드 로프젤리, 젖병 사탕 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 6,522,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAVB-grDznk	ASMR EDIBLE BUBBLE TEA BOTTLE JELLY, PINK PLANET GUMMY, JELLY NOODLES 핑크 지구젤리, 버블티 젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 3,670,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vx4q0ijuAgk	ASMR MINI RAINBOW CAKE POP, HAMBURGER GUMMY, CREPE CAKE 미니 레인보우 케이크팝, 햄버거 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 1,253,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN3mP8YiNAk	ASMR CHOCOLATE MARSHMALLOW, EDIBLE MOUSE MARSHMALLOW 초콜릿 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 2,628,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiYGbcDYrlg	ASMR FRUITY GUMMY JELLY, RING CANDY, CAKE 무지개 보석 반지 사탕, 젤리, 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 3,733,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCB3vzxrW2k	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, CHICKEN, KIMCHI 트러플 짜파게티, 시크릿 양념 닭다리 치킨, 김치 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 3,395,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=my8LwJKHMXk	ASMR BLUE HONEYCOMB, PLANET GUMMY, ROPE JELLY 블루 벌집꿀, 지구젤리, 로프젤리, 눈알젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 2,904,619 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKoKtAymNXE	ASMR GALAXY JELLY, JELLY NOODLES, EDIBLE GEODE CRYSTAL, 보석 원석 초콜릿, 갤럭시 젤리 국수 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 7 months ago 11 minutes 1,716,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p5Cmqyc0gk	ASMR STRAWBERRY CREPE CAKE, PINK PLANET GUMMY JELLY, ROPE JELLY 크레이프 케이크, 핑크 지구젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 2,693,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3dsd6Gtz9Q	ASMR EDIBLE POOP, EDIBLE SPOON 먹는 똥, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 5,309,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziShw_l--Hs	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE SAUSAGE, SPICY FIRE NOODLES 까르보 불닭, 소세지, 핵불닭소스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 1,740,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kt6Gt0jWWw	ASMR LIPS CANDY, RAINBOW ROPE JELLY, STRAWBERRY CAKE 입술 사탕, 딸기 케이크, 머랭쿠키 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 4,170,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gElatUKzDsE	ASMR EDIBLE PERFUME BOTTLE, FISHBOWL JELLY, MERMAID CAKE 먹는 향수병, 어항 젤리, 인어공주 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 2,788,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5J_w6GtGHE	ASMR EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH, SPOON JELLY, BUBBLE TEA 먹는 빗, 먹는 숟가락 젤리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 4,217,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m-x_n39K-8	ASMR MCDONALDS DOUBLE CHEESE BURGER, CHICKEN NUGGETS, CURLY FRIES 맥도날드 햄버거, 치킨너겟 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 2,572,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1tlVLOHY-c	ASMR EDIBLE TOWEL CREPE CAKE, GUMMY JELLY, NIK-L-NIP, SNOBALLS 먹는 수건, 젤리, 닉클립 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 2,232,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cUB4ylS59M	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *MAGNUM PINT, RICE CAKE, ASTRONAUT 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림, 우주 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 8,494,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSaNxu8l9AM	ASMR SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOMS, FIRE NOODLES 매운 팽이버섯, 불닭볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 3,268,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKRSirI2xaA	ASMR EDIBLE TOWEL CREPE CAKE, JELLY NOODLES, GUMMY JELLY 먹는 수건, 크레이프 케이크, 젤리 국수 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,937,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IVm20oIWsM	ASMR EDIBLE BABY SHOES, EDIBLE LIPSTICK, CITRUS CAKE 먹는 아기 신발, 먹는 립스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 2,297,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRRKY7r1YQs	ASMR RED VELVET CAKE POP, CREPE CAKE, OREO COOKIES 레드벨벳 케이크팝, 크레이프 케이크, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 1,297,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGTupRueF2k	ASMR CHEESY FIRE NOODLES, BLACK BEAN NOODLES 치즈 불닭볶음면, 짜파게티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 1,043,177 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzFodMTtCtQ	ASMR LEFTOVER CHOCOLATE DESSERTS *KINDER, MALTESERS 몰티져스 초코바, 킨더 부에노 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,666,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XEe3XVlMtk	ASMR RAW HONEYCOMB, BOBA PEARLS, HAMBURGER GUMMY, CHEESE CAKE 벌집꿀, 치즈케이크, 햄버거 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 879,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq6GPcjLppU	ASMR JELLY NOODLES, GUMMY JELLY, ROPE JELLY 젤리국수, 지구젤리, 너드 로프젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 14 minutes, 43 seconds 6,326,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-UAVtH5dRg	ASMR SALMON SASHIMI, SEA GRAPES, MANGO 연어회, 망고, 바다포도 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,802,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUHRP0yzijE	ASMR EDIBLE LIPSTICK, RAINBOW STRAW JELLY, CREPE CAKE, JELLY BEAN 먹는 립스틱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 17 minutes 8,005,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ot7FS62sRQ	ASMR *RECIPE* CANDIED FRUITS TANGHULU 탕후루 레시피 딸기 탕후루 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,452,098 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IxslnQrSgQ	ASMR BLACK BEAN FIRE NOODLES, SPICY CHICKEN 짜장 불닭 볶음면, 맵스터 치킨 닭다리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 1,566,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_liE63qitM	ASMR PINK SNOBALLS MARSHMALLOW CHOCOLATE CAKE 스노볼 마쉬멜로우 초코 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 898,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XethWjFSWKQ	ASMR EDIBLE GUN, PEARL NECKLACE, GOLDEN SPOON, PLANET GUMMY 먹는 총, 먹는 진주 목걸이, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 939,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SYsr5e7Frk	ASMR CHEESY CORN DOGS, CHICKEN 따따블 치즈 핫도그, 양념 치킨 닭다리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 16 minutes 1,480,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOWlUSGd_n4	ASMR EDIBLE SPOON *RECIPE, JELLY NOODLES, RICE CAKE 먹는 숟가락 레시피, 젤리 국수, 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 6,599,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ui2tiWS082s	ASMR NUTELLA S'MORES DIP, MARSHMALLOWS, ICE CREAM 누텔라 스모어딥, 마쉬멜로우, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,986,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLyyMjkKJEQ	ASMR STRAWBERRY DESSERTS PARTY *RICE CAKE, CAKE, ICE CREAM 딸기 케이크, 딸기 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 1,392,185 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwT8ZXuzFRA	ASMR SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOMS, SPICY NOODLES 매운 팽이버섯, 매콤 볶음면 라면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 3,382,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKnyk6IQGYw	ASMR RAINBOW TOAST, POPPING BOBA, CRYSTAL JELLY 무지개 토스트, 팝핑보바, 보석젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 16 minutes 2,322,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T41OO1IRFZo	ASMR SPICY NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI, FRIED CHICKEN 누들 떡볶이, 치킨 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 15 minutes 1,354,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlngCCE1I6E	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MALTESERS TRUFFLE, OREO 초콜릿 아이스크림, 몰티져스 트러플 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 8 months ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 3,359,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rrM8AZyH3U	ASMR GREEN TEA *BOBA BUBBLE TEA, CAKE, ICE CREAM 녹차 그린티 버블티, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 2,053,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-bESwM1QAM	ASMR LEFTOVER GUMMY JELLY *GALAXY CANDY, PLANET GUMMY 갤럭시 캔디 지구젤리, 눈알젤리, 로프젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 16 minutes 5,997,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO_bNy8FmcQ	ASMR STRAWBERRY CREPE CAKE, ICE CREAM, SANDWICH 딸기 크레이프 케이크, 아이스크림, 샌드위치 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 1,407,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9oTVQVU0sQ	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, FRIED CHICKEN, KIMCHI 짜파게티, 파김치, 양념 치킨 닭다리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 3,168,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcUQSewyvYI	ASMR CANDIED FRUITS *TANGHULU, HONEYCOMB, BOBA TAPIOCA PEARLS 과일 사탕 탕후루 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 2,881,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ReG5doZcP0	ASMR JELLY NOODLES *COCA-COLA, FANTA JELLO 콜라 환타 젤리 국수 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 1,065,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7YRA5B7BpY	ASMR EXTRA NUCLEAR FIRE ENOKI MUSHROOMS, GLASS NOODLES 핵불닭 중국당면, 팽이버섯 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 3,926,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14V0mxLYQ1o	ASMR JEWELRY BOBA MILK TEA, MACARON ICE CREAM 마카롱 아이스크림, 버블티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 3,011,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBlXbykotLY	ASMR CRUNCHY HONEYCOMB ROCKS, ORANGE CHOCOLATE 크런치 락 허니콤, 오렌지 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 2,063,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjf8_kRqRhA	ASMR CHRISTMAS JELLO JELLY, CHOCOLATE, CAKE POPS, MACARON 크리스마스 젤리, 케이크팝, 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 17 minutes 10,909,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6c4hkY5rQ0	ASMR BLACK BEAN FIRE NOODLES + SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOMS 짜장 불닭 볶음면 + 매운 팽이버섯 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 4,805,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5dXOiznUbc	ASMR LEFTOVER CHOCOLATE DESSERTS *ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW 초콜릿 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 6,980,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrrLxJ4ZNZE	ASMR RAINBOW JELLY NOODLES, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE, CREPE CAKE 무지개 젤리 국수, 딸기 크레이프 케이크먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 5,865,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-eQsyQE_g4	ASMR CANDIED FRUIT TANGHULU *STRAWBERRY, HONEYCOMB 딸기 탕후루, 귤 탕후루, 과일 사탕 탕후루 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 3,644,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGYwl2tzZ64	ASMR RAINBOW RICE CAKE ICE CREAM, GUMMY JELLY, MACARON 레인보우 아이스크림, 젤리, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 2,714,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4DlMTWukgc	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE SPICY MUSHROOMS 핵불닭 버섯 팽이버섯 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 5,974,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kYTP71wEPs	ASMR EDIBLE TOOLS *DARK CHOCOLATE* 먹는 공구 초콜릿 공구 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 894,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSm6ZVp9Qis	ASMR JELLY FOODS *TURKISH DELIGHT, MUNG BEAN CAKE 젤리 터키쉬 딜라이트, 룩춥, 떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 970,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HLdl1gNaSA	ASMR MAGNUM WHITE ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 매그넘 화이트 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 5,169,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OYbgoabrj0	ASMR MCDONALDS BIG MAC, CHICKEN WINGS, NUGGETS, FRIES 맥도날드 빅맥, 맥윙, 치킨너겟 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 13 minutes 1,936,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItTkeHSdpNA	ASMR SPICY CARBONARA FIRE NOODLES, FRIED CHICKEN 까르보 불닭, 시크릿 양념 치킨 닭다리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 8 minutes, 28 seconds 3,356,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl3bWTg66Gc	ASMR JELLY NOODLES, HONEYCOMB, TAPIOCA PEARLS, GUMMY JELLY 젤리 국수, 벌집꿀, 타피오카펄, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 3,868,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_w4JoDkrBc	ASMR OREO ICE CREAM, MILKA OREO CHOCOLATE, COOKIES 오레오 아이스크림, 밀카 오레오 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 1,247,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDpWc4Q8U84	ASMR GRAPES JELLO JELLY, FRUIT JELLY TANGERINE 포도 젤리, 귤 젤리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 4,512,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gaaJmZdUoM	ASMR HONEYCOMB, HONEY GLAZED CHICKEN 교촌 허니콤보, 벌집꿀 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 791,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jfaUez-FFI	ASMR RAINBOW FRUIT RICE CAKE, CREPE CAKE, ICE CREAM 무지개 과일 찹쌀떡, 크레이프 케이크, 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,739,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0Gsh6K7QPY	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE SPICY NOODLES, ENOKI MUSHROOMS 핵불닭 팽이버섯, 불닭볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 7,490,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yay3BAXR2dg	ASMR HAMBURGER GUMMY JELLY, GIANT PIZZA, FRIES, COLA 대왕 피자 젤리, 대왕 햄버거 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 7,287,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIWVj-kSalU	ASMR RAINBOW FRUIT ICE CREAM, CUBE CHEESE, APOLLO 레인보우 큐브 치즈, 과일 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 3,401,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaM77Ea2k8w	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, OREO, RICE CAKE 민트 초코 아이스크림, 오레오, 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 3,806,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kv-9nBSzbyI	ASMR BUBBLES RICE CAKE ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림, 찹쌀떡 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 9 months ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 1,673,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC4_8_qxXhY	ASMR SPICY MEAT SPAGHETTI FIRE NOODLES, CORN DOGS 미트 스파게티 불닭볶음면, 모짜렐라 치즈 핫도그 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,574,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yRKw7gakoM	ASMR COTTON CANDY, TWIX ICE CREAM SANDWICH 썰어먹는 솜사탕, 트윅스 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 1,079,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XznMNETSAlQ	ASMR M&M'S ICE CREAM, DONUTS, COOKIES, MACARON 엠앤엠즈 아이스크림, 도넛, 쿠키 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 2,561,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy6ejuzwXd8	ASMR BLACK SUGAR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOWS 흑당 초콜릿 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 1,664,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksy1stb4Ujk	ASMR SALMON SASHIMI, SEA GRAPES, FLYING FISH ROE, DEEP FRIED SHRIMP 연어 회, 바다포도, 날치알 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 1,058,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT8Q6eigST0	ASMR LOLLIPOP ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW, GUMMY JELLY 롤리팝 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 43,191,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GQdsS2zb84	ASMR SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOM 팽이버섯 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 6,170,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uBNjlGg_CE	ASMR HONEYCOMB, STRAWBERRY, GUMMY JELLY *TANGHULU 벌집꿀, 딸기 탕후루, 지구젤리, 우주젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 8,486,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv6H5AD4o5A	ASMR BURGER KING WHOPPER, CHICKEN NUGGETS, ONION RING, CHEESE BALLS 버거킹 햄버거, 치즈볼, 치킨너겟 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 1,312,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHQrBr8empc	ASMR *HOMEMADE* UNICORN CAKE POP, CAKE, MACARON 직접 만든 유니콘 케이크, 케이크팝, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 1,582,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFe3Pd_Ta5o	ASMR GUMMY JELLY, LIPSTICK CANDY, CHOCOLATE 초콜릿, 젤리, 립스틱 사탕 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 15 minutes 22,732,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnZGuKxZY0o	ASMR MAGNUM ICE CREAM, DIP N DOTS, MALTESERS 매그넘 아이스크림, 구슬 아이스크림, 몰티져스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 1,658,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUf26yHmYpU	ASMR RAINBOW POPPING BOBA, ROCK CANDY, CREPE CAKE 무지개 팝핑보바, 락캔디, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 23,767,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaB7HjS4XPE	ASMR NUTELLA, KINDER CHOCOLATE, BOBA BUBBLE TEA 누텔라, 킨더 해피히포, 킨더 카드, 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 914,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzQEK7vIBbg	ASMR JELLY NOODLES, HONEYCOMB, BOBA PEARLS, STRAWBERRY 젤리 국수, 벌집꿀, 딸기 펄 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,707,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dl29BnlOq4E	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW, JELLY 초콜릿 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 3,301,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPIE5SX5Ox8	ASMR BLACK BEAN FIRE NOODLES, HONEY GLAZED CHICKEN 교촌 허니콤보 치킨, 짜장 불닭볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 1,758,637 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW-LclgdIBk	ASMR CANDIED FRUITS TANGHULU *STRAWBERRY, GRAPES, GUMMY JELLY 과일 사탕 탕후루 *딸기, 귤 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 4,446,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUawkVU3Z9s	ASMR HERSHEY'S CHOCOLATE FEAST *ICE CREAM, COOKIES 허쉬 초콜렛 파티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,627,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKhkwacfdyA	ASMR GALAXY CANDY, ICE CREAM 갤럭시 캔디 + 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 1,074,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml7PZGk9xZM	ASMR GIANT ROASTED MARSHMALLOWS *GOOEY 대왕 마쉬멜로우 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 2,817,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoW3q7DQH_0	ASMR LONG RICE CAKE ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM ROLL 베라 롱 아이스 버블 아이스크림 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 1,785,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgeR2Oy_GGI	ASMR GALAXY CANDY, PLANET GUMMY JELLY, MARSHMALLOWS 갤럭시 캔디, 젤리, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 5,611,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEix0trpGwE	ASMR FRUIT RICE CAKES, RAINBOW CREPE CAKE, MACARON 과일 화과자 찹쌀떡, 레인보우 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 11,840,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hqvq3jjMphQ	ASMR OREO ICE CREAM FEAST, MILKA OREO CHOCOLATE BAR 오레오 아이스크림, 밀카 오레오 초콜릿 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 3,984,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7RMYt6K4Bc	ASMR FRESH FRUITS *WATERMELON, PINEAPPLE, SALMON INARI SUSHI 수박, 파인애플, 연어 유부초밥, 장어 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 425,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm58udk6TUg	ASMR GREEN TEA & CHOCOLATE COMBO *RICE CAKE, BOBA BUBBLE TEA, ICE CREAM 녹차 초코 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 12 minutes, 1 second 1,978,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttSLYuIqbKw	ASMR JELLY NOODLES, GUMMY JELLY 젤리국수, 젤리 구미 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 66,518,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr1O_wvMBlo	ASMR S'MORES DIP + CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 스모어딥 + 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 3,677,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSwBib7H-UE	ASMR CARBO, BLACK BEAN FIRE NOODLES *KIMCHI WRAPPED 까르보 불닭, 짜장 불닭볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 10 months ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 1,726,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLNLoVNP7mQ	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *MAGNUM, RICE CAKE, ASTRONAUT ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림 *매그넘 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 8,350,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otLikvf-DL8	ASMR BLACK FRIED CHICKEN, SAUID RINGS, CHEESE BALLS 블랙알리오 치킨, 치즈볼, 블랙 오징어링 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 13 minutes, 37 seconds 658,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXVTZJyfxCQ	MOST POPULAR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS *CAKE POP, MARSHMALLOW 초콜릿 마쉬멜로우, 케이크팝 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 11,734,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONLaZ1ULIio	ASMR AMERICAN HOT DOG, NEW LIGHT FIRE NOODLES 아메리칸 핫도그, 라이트 불닭볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 4,556,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUwqoYzaXs4	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, HOT DOG CORN DOG, SAUSAGE 뿌링 치즈볼, 뿌링 핫도그, 뿌링 소떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 1,837,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8Nhs5SrdSo	ASMR SALMON NOODLES + FIRE SAUCE, GIANT SALMON SUSHI, SASHIMI, SEA GRAPES 연어 국수 + 불닭소스, 바다포도 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 3,811,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFaSrdyoTQU	ASMR HONEYCOMB, BOBA TAPIOCA PEARLS, GUMMY JELLY 벌집꿀, 지구젤리, 우주젤리, 눈알젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 7,603,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=311p0HHcga4	ASMR BT21 DESSERTS *CAKE, MACARON, EDIBLE CRYSTAL BT21 디저트 케이크, 마카롱 뚱카롱, 먹는 보석 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 14 minutes 13,446,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1twiX6dXXGg	ASMR RAINBOW RICE CAKE, ICE CREAM CHAPSSALTTEOK 무지개 바람떡, 아이스크림 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,171,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JscTkHzqvic	ASMR CHOCOLATE CREPE CAKE, POPPING STICK, MARSHMALLOWS 초코 크레이프 케이크, 팝핑 스틱, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 15 minutes 4,991,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzuTV8yzjnA	ASMR EXTRA HOT PEPPER BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 불타는 고추짜장 + 양념 치킨 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,606,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1shDXClnY0	ASMR GREEN TEA MONTBLANC, BOBA BUBBLE TEA, MACARON 그린티 몽블랑 케이크, 버블티, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 1,309,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WpSJsGY6K4	ASMR DURIAN *EXOTIC FRUIT* EXTREME EATING SOUNDS 두리안, 천국의 맛 지옥의 냄새 두리안 먹방 NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 3,141,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDhZLjSPMvA	ASMR ASTRONAUT ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 우주 아이스크림, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 925,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNg2OPe5mCQ	ASMR RAINBOW ICE CREAM, CREPE CAKE, COTTON CANDY, MACARON 무지개 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 9,703,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42nflKXm1mY	ASMR SPICY CHEESY NOODLES + KING CRAB 킹크랩 + 치즈 불닭볶음면 + 떡볶이 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 459,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCK-wRq9pHk	ASMR CHOCOLATE MARSHMALLOWS, EDIBLE SPOON 초콜릿 마쉬멜로우, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 6,777,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gpr5mItdTEs	ASMR HONEYCOMB, MANGO WATERMELON, CANDIED FRUIT TANGHULU, BOBA 벌집꿀, 망고수박, 탕후루 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 7,275,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_nSzrDYdC0	ASMR SQUARE CAKE, RICE CAKE ICE CREAM, CHOU 사각 케이크, 찰떡 아이스크림, 슈 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 638,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo1djcp63T4	ASMR EDIBLE BATH BOMB *COLOR BOMB* 컬러밤 먹는 배쓰밤 입욕제 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 560,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L61IggO8nC8	ASMR RAINBOW CAKE POP, MERINGUE COOKIES, BUBBLE TEA 무지개 치즈 케이크팝, 딸기 머랭쿠키, 버블티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 3,224,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU3tPRLo__Q	ASMR MOZZARELLA CHEESE + CHICKEN + POTATO WEDGES 모짜렐라 치즈 + 후라이드 치킨 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 1,237,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86xfK5ItK6g	ASMR BUBBLES RICE CAKE ICE CREAM, MAGNUM PINT 베라 찰떡 아이스크림, 매그넘 파인트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,403,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYWbxPm4C9k	ASMR S'MORES, CHOCOLATE COATED MARSHMALLOW, PEEPS 스모어, 초콜릿 코팅 마쉬멜로우, 핍스 마시멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 1,280,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CB1W2_j_OOY	ASMR pişmaniye COTTON CANDY *SOFT EATING SOUNDS 터키 구름과자, 꿀타래 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 1,262,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7IViTrM880	ASMR Nik-L-Nips WAX BOTTLES, CAKE POP 닉클립 왁스병, 케이크팝 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 3,077,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVFJvttBwGI	ASMR JUMBO GRILLED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN NOODLES 붐바스틱 BHC 치킨, 짜파게티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 4,665,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHoap1YSZuY	ASMR FRUITS RICE CAKE, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE 화과자, 딸기 찹쌀떡 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 13,894,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez-Xwdo8kEI	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, TIRAMISU CREPE CAKE, CREAM BUN 초콜릿 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크, 크림빵 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 3,055,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o_SBUPeOvg	ASMR SPACE GUMMY, EDIBLE SPOON, EARTH GUMMY JELLY 우주젤리, 축구공젤리, 지구젤리, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 8 minutes, 28 seconds 12,394,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM9Q2FNTCTM	ASMR McDonalds CHICKEN WINGS, CHICKEN NUGGETS, HAMBURGER 맥도날드 맥윙, 치킨너겟, 햄버거 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 11 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 5,256,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_HexMfJdyM	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE SAUCE + SAUSAGE + SHRIMP COCKTAILS 핵불닭소스 + 소세지 + 쉬림프 칵테일 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 1,630,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTEF7TKXTx4	ASMR OREO SMORES, MALTESERS CHOCOLATE BALLS, RICE CAKE 오레오 스모어, 몰티져스, 초코 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 1,604,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2-_qyatGAo	ASMR HONEYCOMB, BUBBLE TEA, BOBA, MACARON 벌집꿀, 버블티, 마카롱 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 3,925,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3R_zJ6UjRc	ASMR SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 짜장 불닭볶음면 + 시크릿 양념 치킨 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,383,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sjE0ePObAY	ASMR SALMON SASHIMI, SUSHI, SEA GRAPES, MUSCAT 연어회, 연어초밥, 바다포도, 샤인머스캣 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 1 second 2,696,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HldDS8vRoPU	ASMR GREEN TEA ICE CREAM, MALTESERS, RICE CAKE BREAD, BUBBLE TEA 녹차 몰티져스, 버블티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 2,027,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ottlb5nK_Cg	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR *ROCK CANDY, SPOON, GUMMY, MANGO CAKE 락캔디, 숟가락, 젤리, 망고 케이크 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 15 minutes 8,057,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFN4y77wV2w	ASMR RAW MARINATED CRAB, SOY CRAB 밥도둑 간장게장 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 701,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7js4-YgVJk	ASMR MAGNUM CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, SMORES DIP 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림, 스모어딥 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 5,430,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIcx88WvYdk	ASMR SPICY NOODLES + CHEESY FRIED CHICKEN 황금올리브 닭다리 치킨 + 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,976,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c626gqD2InM	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR *HONEYCOMB, CANDIED FRUITS TANGHULU, TAPIOCA PEARLS BOBA 벌집꿀, 탕후루 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 15 minutes 42,063,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmQv24BKJWw	ASMR CHOCOLATE COVERED MARSHMALLOW, MARSHMALLOW POP 마쉬멜로우 팝, 초코 커버 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,934,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHfIPa1ej5I	ASMR RAINBOW FRUITS RICE CAKE, CREPE CAKE, GUMMY, CANDY 과일 찹쌀떡, 무지개 크레이프 케이크, 눈알젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 5,488,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTdv0Q4I_KI	ASMR GREEN TEA ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW MACARON 녹차 그린티 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,641,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpC1VasGXto	ASMR SWEET POTATO DESSERTS, BUBBLE TEA, ICE CREAM 고구마 디저트 모음! 고구마빵, 찰떡 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 868,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh9K4KGHgGo	ASMR CHOCOLATE CAKE POPS, ICE CREAM, CHOU 초콜릿 찰떡 아이스크림, 케이크팝, 초코슈 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 3,050,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZbPEbFbpdU	ASMR NUTELLA CHOCOLATE BANANA ICE CREAM, SNACKS 누텔라 초코 바나나 아이스크림 디저트 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 486,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2ejfoIYJm4	ASMR McDonalds BIG MAC, CHICIEN NUGGETS, FRIES, CHEESE SAUCE 맥도날드 빅맥, 치킨너겟, 치즈소스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,867,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUN-IZrzfOg	ASMR GREEN TEA RICE CAKE, ICE CREAM, OREO, MACARON 녹차 찹쌀떡, 아이스크림, 오레오 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,765,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AEaX7LiX2s	ASMR WHOLE SPAM + CHEESY SPICY NOODLES 통스팸 + 치즈 까르보 불닭 볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS (NO TALKING) MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 813,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKdOa1m5qMw	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, ROASTED GIANT MARSHMALLOW 초콜릿 아이스크림, 대왕 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 2,947,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJlnNYVCTIk	ASMR CAKE POP, BUBBLE TEA, RAINBOW CREPE CAKE, MACARON 케이크팝, 버블티, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 6,363,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkVj2OQGWP8	ASMR CHOCOLATE DIPPED CHEESY CORN DOGS 초코 치즈 핫도그 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 796,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apFYTiPtALk	ASMR CHOCOLATE CAKE POP, MALTESERS CAKE, TWIX, RICE CAKE 초콜릿 케이크팝, 몰티져스 케이크, 찰떡아이스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 3,176,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3SLJWP0PqE	ASMR FRIED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN NOODLES 시크릿 양념 치킨 닭다리 + 짜파게티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 7,793,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq0Fiz0rIL0	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, RICE CAKE 베라 아이스크림, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 2,889,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNwSX_jgc8k	ASMR RED VELVET CREPE CAKE, ICE CREAM, HONEY RICE CAKE 레드벨벳 크레이프 케이크, 아이스크림, 꿀떡 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes 3,935,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn-alNdbyfE	ASMR GREEN TEA EDIBLE SPOON, ICE CREAM, STARBUCKS FRAPPUCCINO 녹차 아이스크림, 먹는 숟가락, 프라푸치노 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 7,523,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7WqNjN0Is0	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM *MAGNUM 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 3,245,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9L8ovJKK6JY	ASMR MOST POPULAR WHITE FOOD *MAGNUM ICE CREAM, CANDY, MARSHMALLOWS 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림, 주사위 사탕 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 897,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NskE_mUhas	ASMR MOST POPULAR PINK FOOD *CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, CAKE, MACARON 딸기 초콜릿 아이스크림, 찰떡아이스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 15,342,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJv0Oy-4ZDU	ASMR SPICY NOODLES + CORN DOG + CHEESE BALLS + CHICKEN 뿌링클 핫도그, 치즈볼, 치킨 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 2,152,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=450vtSdTy2o	ASMR MOST POPULAR CHOCOLATE DESSERT *ICE CREAM, CREPE CAKE, BUBBLE TEA 초콜릿 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크, 버블티 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 10,942,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aAOVyWPZ90	ASMR MOST POPULAR FOOD *TANGHULU, HONEYCOMB, ALOE VERA, RICE CAKE 과일사탕 탕후루, 벌집꿀, 알로에 베라, 찹쌀떡 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 4,136,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9w57zmKFMw	ASMR HONEY FRIED CHICKEN + CHEESY SPICY RICE CAKE 교촌 허니콤보 + 신전 떡볶이 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,507,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf6dUnegA8A	ASMR RAINBOW ICE DONUTS, EDIBLE SPOON, OREO 무지개 얼음, 먹는 숟가락, 오레오 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 69,505,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lbF0s2e1dI	ASMR MAGNUM CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM + SMORES DIP 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림 + 스모어딥 먹방 EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes 2,285,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qZNFcn6hw8	ASMR MOZZARELLA CHEESE STICK, CHEESY CORN DOG, FRIES 모짜렐라 치즈스틱, 치즈 핫도그, 감자튀김 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 1,007,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB7-p-70dvg	ASMR GREEN TEA BUBBLE TEA, EDIBLE SPOON, CHEESE CAKE, DICE CANDY 녹차 버블티, 먹는 숟가락, 주사위 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 18,406,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkz-NnQm8Rc	ASMR EDIBLE SPOON, STRAWBERRY RICE CAKE, MACARON, CHOCOLATE 먹는 숟가락, 딸기 찹쌀떡, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 8,886,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlE9sLYQ8us	ASMR GREEN TEA, RAINBOW, TIRAMISU CREPE CAKE 그린티, 레인보우, 티라미수 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 2,440,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFoP-Je1-PM	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN *BIG BITES 짜파게티 + 시크릿 양념 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 6,407,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuabIJcllLk	ASMR NUTELLA CHOCOLATE PARTY CAKE 누텔라 초콜릿 파티 케이크 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 1,182,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loEPiPi4cpo	ASMR LOTUS ICE CREAM BAR, CONE, COOKIE RICE CAKE, MACARON 로투스 아이스크림, 로투스 쿠키 찰떡, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 981,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqNKyrzCnlo	ASMR GREEN TEA ICE CREAM, EDIBLE SPOON, CREPE CAKE 녹차 아이스크림, 먹는 숟가락, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 4,462,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvMnJC69apI	ASMR SPICY FIRE NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN + CHEESE BALLS 까르보 불닭볶음면 + 뿌링클 치킨 + 치즈볼 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 1,500,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g98-6sKoHE	ASMR BANANA MACARON ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW 바나나 마카롱 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우, 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 1,009,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8-sXLKvWNo	ASMR RAINBOW ICE CREAM, CREPE CAKE, MACARON 레인보우 초콜릿 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 10,164,141 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW8IrpVuArM	ASMR PURPLE ICE CREAM, CHEESE BALL, BUBBLE TEA, MACARON 보라 아이스크림, 치즈볼, 버블티, 마카롱 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 4,392,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA7wZlhLT5Q	ASMR STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM, PEACH CAKE, WAFER STICK 딸기 아이스크림, 복숭아 케이크, 어피치 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,941,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRCNodo6Gds	ASMR MELON BALLS, ICE CREAM, CAKE, MACARON 메론 아이스크림, 멜론 케이크 타르트, 메론 마카롱 먹방EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 1,482,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avOTNzEgQyM	ASMR WATERMELON CAKE, MACARON, BUBBLE TEA, DONUTS 수박 케이크, 마카롱, 버블티, 도너츠 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,391,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmDXPcNMg7k	ASMR NUTELLA SMORES TOAST, MALTESERS, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 몰티져스, 스모어 토스트, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 2,843,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMNatl7EQW0	ASMR PURPLE FOOD EDIBLE ROSE, HAIR BRUSH, CANDLE, UNICORN CAKE 먹는 장미꽃, 먹는 빗, 먹는 캔들, 유니콘 케이크 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 23,420,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O0eGfS4J1I	ASMR BLUE MERMAID CAKE, ICE CREAM, CLAM MACARON, OREO 인어공주 케이크, 레몬 아이스크림, 조개 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 11,412,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue7RU9uMS-M	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, OREO CAKE, MACARON 민트 초콜릿 아이스크림, 민트 오레오 케이크, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 2,335,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0pWEosueFg	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, BUBBLE TEA, MACARON 초콜릿 아이스크림, 초코맛 버블티, 빨미까레 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,256,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MycdcWUI3BA	ASMR ROTISSERIE CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN NOODLES 로티세리 치킨 + 짜파게티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 1 second 628,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwXE7A-KLjw	ASMR RAINBOW CREPE CAKE, EDIBLE SPOON, MACARON, NERDS ROPE JELLY 레인보우 크레이프 케이크, 너드 로프젤리, 먹는 숟가락 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 144,645,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIoARprT7Yc	ASMR *CHEESY HOT CHEETOS CHICKEN, ONION RING 매운 치토스 치킨, 치즈 어니언링 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 1,426,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwrru6PQFDE	ASMR GREEN TEA ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW, CAKE, MACARON 그린티 녹차 아이스크림, 마쉬멜로우, 케이크 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 4,093,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PI8cZCJmDQ	ASMR EDIBLE SPOON, ICED BOBA, GUMMY, KOHAKUTO 팝핑보바 빙수, 얼음 숟가락, 젤리, 코하쿠토 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 1,392,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE2pVD-l3NU	ASMR PINK ICE CREAM, MACARON, CAKE, PRETZEL 베라 핑크 아이스크림, 마카롱, 롤 케이크, 찹쌀떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 6,516,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEhhk1xh_LE	ASMR *CHEESY* KFC CHICKEN HOT WING, TTEOKBOKKI, CHICKEN TENDER KFC 치킨 핫윙, 떡볶이 치킨텐더 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 2,310,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vS7x2b-46tM	ASMR OREO CAKE, ICE CREAM, BUBBLE TEA, WAFER STICK 오레오 아이스박스 케이크, 아이스크림, 버블티 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 5,348,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba_0tJXU9NE	ASMR NUTELLA CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, CAKE, PEPERO, DONUTS 누텔라 초콜릿 아이스크림, 케이크, 빼빼로, 도넛 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 3,782,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5NBkDcuyQ4	ASMR BLUE ICE CREAM, EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH, MONSTER DONUTS, MACARON 블루 아이스크림, 먹는 빗, 도넛 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 5,424,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLZ0mCYgDxg	ASMR PURPLE ICE CREAM, MACARON, CAKE, MARSHMALLOW 보라 아이스크림, 마카롱, 케이크, 마쉬멜로우 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 6,360,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA4sKK_D1Yg	ASMR SAMYANG FIRE CREAM SPAGHETTI + FRIED CHICKEN 양념 치킨 + 크림 불닭 파스타 먹방 NOODLES EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 1,789,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoiTzqpK7zY	ASMR WATERMELON BALLS, RASPBERRY MADELEINE, CAKE, TART 수박 꼬치, 라즈베리 마들렌, 딸기 케이크, 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 4,281,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKmxWdlWUBI	ASMR NUTELLA PROFITEROLE, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, SPOON 누텔라 프로피테롤, 아이스크림, 초콜릿 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 3,637,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj0FO4mvbmg	ASMR LEMON MACARON, MANGO ICE CREAM, JACK FRUIT 레몬 마카롱, 케이크, 망고 아이스크림, 바나나떡 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 3,559,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ4lCqx3Gm8	ASMR GREEN TEA CREPE CAKE, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, STARBUCKS FRAPPUCCINO 녹차 크레이프 케이크, 아이스크림 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 2,942,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6c2s_Jwn0E	ASMR NUTELLA CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, BUBBLE TEA, CHOU, MACARON 누텔라 초콜릿 아이스크림, 버블티, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 15,899,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RZnz9yRlYU	ASMR MUSCAT GREEN GRAPES, MACARON, TART, GUMMY 샤인머스캣 청포도 마카롱 타르트 젤리 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes 1,241,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apcT31SWBo0	ASMR WATERMELON ICE CREAM, MACARON, CAKE, JUICE 수박 아이스크림, 마카롱, 케이크, 수박주스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 33,651,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGR6w7CYdco	ASMR NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI, DEEP FRIED SQUID 청년다방 통큰 오짱 떡볶이 오징어 튀김 먹방 EATING SOUNDS NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 1,868,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzBJ0KHOa4k	ASMR ORANGE FOOD *ICE CREAM, TANGHULU, JELLY, FLYING FISH ROE 오렌지 아이스크림, 과일 사탕 탕후루, 날치알, 젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 4,907,555 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkkWkxNlZsE	ASMR BLACK FOOD *TAPIOCA PEARLS, FLYING FISH ROE, ICE CREAM 타피오카 펄, 날치알, 아이스크림, 앙버터 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 5,356,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHHKDVomIlE	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE OREO, FRAPPE, INJEOLMI, CUPCAKE 민트 초코 프라페, 오레오, 컵 케이크, 민트 인절미 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 2,686,817 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olbBbeUZCl0	ASMR MOZZARELLA CHEESY CORN DOG + SAMYANG SPICY NOODLES 명랑 핫도그 + 불닭볶음면 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 1,679,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4MnzohXQ-A	ASMR RAINBOW CREPE CAKE, MERINGUE COOKIES, MACARON 무지개 크레이프 케이크, 머랭쿠키, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 5,942,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKrKPNncFdI	ASMR WHITE CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MARSHMALLOW, WHITE OREO 초콜릿 아이스크림, 떠먹는 마쉬멜로우, 오레오 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 3,752,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXmym39Mkk4	ASMR EDIBLE ICE SPOON, CRUNCHY BALLS, MACARON 먹는 숟가락, 라이스 크리스피 볼, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 1,266,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVROqh7E2bI	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, FRIED CHICKEN, NUGGETS, SAUSAGE 뿌링 치즈볼, 뿌링클 치킨, 뿌링 콜팝, 소떡소떡먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 25 seconds 1,624,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnnQSi6IYlw	ASMR EDIBLE ICE SPOON, ICE CREAM, KOHAKUTO, MACARON 숟가락 얼음, 구슬 아이스크림, 코하쿠토, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 23,151,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgWJTG0u0MQ	ASMR RED VELVET ICE CREAM, JELLY, MOCHI, CREPE CAKE, MARSHMALLOW 레드벨벳 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크, 찰떡아이스, 젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 16,601,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fquODW_vIyQ	ASMR NUTELLA CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, CREPE CAKE, MOCHI, MACARON 누텔라 초콜릿 아이스크림, 크레이프 케이크, 모찌, 마카롱 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 9,521,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeasZRgoG_A	ASMR HONEYCOMB + FRIED CHICKEN 후라이드 치킨 + 벌집꿀 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 1,665,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXoKQ3EBOF8	ASMR TARO BUBBLE TEA, GRAPES ICE CREAM, TANGHULU, MACARON 타로 버블티, 포도 탕후루, 마카롱 아이스크림 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 2,614,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVFKgQuyQCQ	ASMR STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM, MACARON ICE CREAM, MOCHI, CAKE 베라 아이스크림, 스노우 모찌, 모찌롤, 마카롱먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 6,112,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdKGH9YIapA	ASMR MANGO BUBBLE TEA, CAKE, MOCHI, MACARON 망고 버블티, 케이크, 모찌 아이스크림, 마카롱 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 6,824,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vh4MW52P1bM	ASMR MAGNUM ICE CREAM, S'MORES DIP 매그넘 아이스크림 스모어딥 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 2,854,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnJAF8zWvs0	ASMR GREEN TEA ICE CREAM, MOCHI, MACARON, CAKE, POCKY 녹차 아이스크림, 케이크, 마카롱, 모찌 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 5,414,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIPSjSx8-CM	ASMR BLACK BEAN FIRE NOODLES, KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN 짜장 불닭볶음면, 양념 치킨 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 21,922,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jgb0XKw7GE	ASMR *KFC* DEEP FRIED CHICKEN SKIN, CHEESE SAUCE KFC 닭껍질 튀김 치즈소스먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 1,259,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqTVHvQfFlI	ASMR CRUNCHY WHITE CHOCOLATE, RAINBOW JELLO JELLY 오독오독한 화이트 초콜릿, 무지개 젤리 젤로 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 7,904,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Emm_q90KfeI	ASMR SALMON SASHIMI, SEA GRAPES, MANGO 연어회, 바다포도, 망고 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 8,340,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2pLu_d8n-k	ASMR *ICE EATING* CRUNCHY ICE CRACKING EATING SOUNDS, BERRY GUMMY 얼음 먹방 젤리 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 1,944,760 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sHlUzLrsn0	ASMR *CHEESY KFC CRISPY CHICKEN BUCKET KFC 핫크리스피 치킨 버켓 + 치즈소스 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 3,389,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuVS6cR7iEU	ASMR NUTELLA GREEN TEA ICE CREAM + SPOON 녹차 누텔라 초콜릿 아이스크림 숟가락 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 8,672,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRIt0ll26_w	ASMR FLOWER POT SHAPED CAKE, CRUNCHY ICE, KOHAKUTO 화분 모양 케이크, 시원한 얼음, 코하쿠토 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 5,195,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZIER4XU7qg	ASMR SAMYANG SPICY NOODLES, FRIED CHICKEN 시크릿 양념 닭다리 치킨, 삼양 튀김쫄면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 3,469,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh-rfFUQHn0	ASMR BOBA WATERMELON + FRESH BERRIES, PEACH BREAD 팝핑보바 수박화채, 복숭아 빵 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 3,758,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKdxXormr54	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, CHEESE STICKS + FIRE SAUCE 뿌링치즈볼, 고구마 치즈스틱 + 불닭소스 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 1,461,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EI-eyt6Rbig	ASMR EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH, EDIBLE SODA BOTTLE, CREPE CAKE, BUBBLE TEA 먹는 빗, 먹는 음료수병, 크레이프 케이크, 버블티 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 3,788,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBjGHJ_g-tg	ASMR CHEESY FRIED CHICKEN, CHICKEN NUGGETS, FRIES 치킨, 치킨너겟, 치즈소스, 감자튀김 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,071,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiAxTrCgm0Y	ASMR RED & BLACK ICE CREAM, MOCHI TTEOK 베라 블랙 소르베 아이스크림, 찹쌀떡, 감자떡 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 1,658,160 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5D2YC1-MRw	ASMR KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN + RICE + KIMCHI 처갓집 슈프림 양념 치킨 치밥 김치 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 848,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEHMD8jpxag	ASMR SPICY NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI + CHEESY CORN DOGS 치즈 라볶이, 모짜렐라 치즈 핫도그 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 3,065,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfsm52iE-dg	ASMR EDIBLE TEETH MODEL, CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 먹는 치아 모형, 초콜릿 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 4,558,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HivxEbL3gBo	ASMR KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN +FISHCAKE BARS BBQ 황금올리브 시크릿 양념 치킨 + 고래사 어묵 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,235,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01AV4Hpd-Ps	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, S'MORES DIP, MACARON 스모어딥, 초콜릿 아이스크림, 마카롱 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 23 seconds 3,200,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXXKR3iSyz8	ASMR EDIBLE BABY SHOES, EDIBLE CRAYONS, SPOON, JELLY DONUTS 먹는 아기 신발, 먹는 크레파스, 숟가락 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 10,623,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YShzcK689oc	ASMR FIRE NOODLES, SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOMS, FRIED CHICKEN BALL 불닭볶음면, 팽이버섯, 치킨 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 6,105,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAf7KbgTfAw	ASMR *EXTRA CHEESY PIZZA 시카고 피자 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 3 seconds 639,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1VNRuOElEI	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, FRIED CHICKEN, FRIES, SAUSAGE BHC 핫뿌링클 치킨, 치즈볼, 소떡소떡, 감자튀김 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 3,564,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhDOYXdo8Z4	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SUNNY SIDE UP EGGS, KIMCHI 짜파게티, 파김치 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 3,277,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPwsKgKtrWw	ASMR *BOBA TAPIOCA PEARLS, HONEYCOMB, MOCHI, JELLY NOODLES 타피오카 펄, 벌집꿀, 모찌, 젤리국수 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 3,275,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVIaxfC6_k0	ASMR SAMYANG FIRE NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 까르보 불닭 + 후라이드 치킨 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 6,053,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to6jFOZY2tQ	ASMR SPOON, ICE CREAM, MOCHI ICE CREAM, CHOCOLATE 숟가락, 아이스크림, 모찌 아이스크림, 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 13,639,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojipH4QrF_o	ASMR EDIBLE SODA BOTTLE, SPOON, TOM&JERRY CHEESE CAKE 먹는 음료수병, 숟가락, 톰과제리 치즈케이크 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 15,896,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D_3gJnUl4w	ASMR CHEESY CORN DOG, CHEESE TTEOKBOKKI, CHEESE STICKS 치즈 떡볶이, 치즈스틱, 핫도그 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 1 second 2,263,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90fM2GgGa0o	ASMR JELLO WATERMELON JELLY + KYOHO JELLY 수박 젤리 쿄호젤리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 667,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohzRJKtpdOA	ASMR *CHEESY FRIED CHICKEN, KING CRAB 치킨 킹크랩 치즈소스 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes 715,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hjYdXT_oH8	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 시크릿 양념치킨 해물 쟁반 짜장 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 3,368,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sdbWMEmsV4	ASMR EDIBLE HAIR BRUSH, SPOON, BUBBLE TEA, GUMMY 먹는 빗, 숟가락, 햄버거 젤리, 주사위 사탕, 버블티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 84,591,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbAp-c6liCE	ASMR *NUCLEAR FIRE NOODLES CHALLENGE!! 핵불닭볶음면 챌린지 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 13,384,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EEeMo7BFBM	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MOCHI, ICICLE 초콜릿 아이스크림, 찰떡아이스, 고드름 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 40 seconds 2,114,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0X9v3gpT1A	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, FIRE NOODLES, FRIED CHICKEN 뿌링 치즈볼 + 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) MUKBANG NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 2,970,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWaYidMk9RU	ASMR McDonalds CHICKEN NUGGETS, FRIES, WINGS 맥도날드 치킨너겟 맥윙 감자튀김 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 642,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pdoHyi_yUo	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, CHICKEN, SAUSAGE TTEOKBOKKI 갈비레오 치킨, 짜장 불닭볶음면, 소떡소떡 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 5,421,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdnfO_oLpjY	ASMR SPOON, CREPE CAKE, HONEYCOMB, TANGHULU 숟가락, 크레이프 케이크, 벌집꿀, 과일 사탕 탕후루 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 20,370,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsRi3kiorts	ASMR SPICY NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 네네 매콤치즈스노윙 + 비빔면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 554,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yv0ezw8Y5c	ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG + MAC & CHEESE 치즈 핫도그 + 맥앤치즈 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 1,055,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlO4lMOId1I	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, CHICKEN FEET, TTEOKBOKKI 닭발, 엽기떡볶이, 짜파게티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 1,504,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjblqLaWiqs	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 처갓집 슈프림 양념치킨 짜파게티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 5,466,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amqVfOmFwQ0	ASMR SHAKE SHACK BURGER, CHEESE FRIES, CHICKEN NUGGETS 쉑쉑버거, 치킨너겟, 치즈후라이 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 1,463,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5BpqaxeZV0	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI, CUTTLE FISH 짜장 누들 떡볶이, 갑오징어 숙회, 치즈링 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 1,112,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_Y9RV-_IVU	ASMR CHEESY FRIED CHICKEN + SALMON SASHIMI + SEA GRAPES 시크릿 반반 치킨 + 연어회 + 바다포도 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 4,598,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO11FngJp9A	ASMR *CHEESY KFC CHICKEN TTEOKBOKKI KFC 치킨 떡볶이 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 3,484,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBUMei5Iy1Q	ASMR CAKE, COTTON CANDY, MARSHMALLOWS, BOBA, JELLY, DONUT 아이스박스 케이크, 솜사탕, 마쉬멜로우, 팝핑보바, 주사위 사탕 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 12,391,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnhH1y2k9U8	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED DUMPLINGS 사천 짜파게티 + 불닭 소스 만두 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 2,633,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZItlMVE2SI	ASMR CREPE CAKE, MACARON, MOCHI, KOHAKUTO, BUBBLE TEA 크레이프 케이크, 마카롱, 모찌 아이스크림, 코하쿠토, 버블티 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 13,425,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VT0IyjNrYY	ASMR SPICY NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN + JELLY 치하오 치킨 + 간짬뽕 + 젤리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 49 seconds 1,966,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBrm9UyCR-0	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, FRIED CHICKEN, KIMCHI 양념 치킨, 짜파게티, 파김치 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 9 seconds 6,543,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuZ-keOndbQ	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, ONION RINGS *HOMEMADE 치즈볼, 어니언링 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 788,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkqPnx-yNGI	ASMR CARBONARA FIRE NOODLES *CHEESY FRIED SHRIMP 까르보불닭볶음면, 새우튀김 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 1,484,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-0f5fFRzNg	ASMR NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI + CHICKEN HOT WINGS 황금올리브 핫윙 치킨, 누들 떡볶이 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 10,561,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6diMscBa9U	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM MOCHI 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 3,942,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jF67LUxAhgM	ASMR BLACK BEAN RICE CAKE *CHEESY* CORN DOG 짜장 떡볶이 치즈 핫도그 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 1,752,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtOoyToM-1k	ASMR CHEESY FRIED CHICKEN + FIRE NOODLES 뿌링클 치킨 쫄볶이 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 40 seconds 1,058,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5jnMD1z86k	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + FRIED CHICKEN 시크릿 양념치킨 짜장 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 82,816,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tX8bADkCxQ	ASMR BASKIN ROBBINS ICE CREAM 배라 베라 아이스크림 빼빼로 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 275,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64qE02V7bZw	ASMR *EXTRA CHEESY* FIRE PIZZA 파파존스 불닭피자 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,280,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcP0vmAvY5Y	ASMR *SUSHI PLATTER (EATING SOUNDS) 초밥 스시 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 332,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bTfCWCgMfE	ASMR FIRE NOODLES + CORN DOG *BIG BITES* 불닭볶음면 + 핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 1 second 1,556,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAT1SeknYdk	ASMR *NUTELLA CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM MOCHI 누텔라 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 7,974,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLLbpPZ9V6M	ASMR KOREAN BBQ CHICKEN WHITE SAUCE 자메이카 통다리 치킨 치밥 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 465,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCB4lJMHl2U	ASMR *CHEESY CHICKEN TENDER + HASH BROWN *KFC 치킨텐더 해쉬브라운 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 1,537,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_l59lQqH-0	ASMR *MALA HOT FRIED CHICKEN + BUBBLE TEA *BHC 마라칸 치킨 흑당 버블티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 3,049,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMD6YvpXMJ4	ASMR WHOLE ROTISSERIE CHICKEN (EATING SOUNDS) 로티세리 치킨 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 3,602,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4zO3W9RSCE	ASMR KYOHO JELLY, PLANET GUMMY, EYEBALLS GUMMY 지구젤리 눈알젤리 쿄호젤리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 8,422,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3gq0iUPN2o	ASMR *SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES 짜파게티 너구리 짜파구리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 812,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3Xtf8YTYYg	ASMR *CHEESY* BURGER KING WHOPPER, CHICKEN NUGGETS, FRIES 버거킹 와퍼, 치킨너겟 햄버거 먹방 EATING SOUNDS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 653,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mySL26whcY	ASMR *CHEESY SPICY NOODLES + RICE *BIG BITES* 치즈 불닭볶음밥 불닭볶음면 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 1,168,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rXSKMA0PtY	ASMR *CHEESY FRIED CHICKEN 시크릿 반반 닭다리 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 1 second 5,148,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0yPK34IVT0	ASMR *FROZEN CHOCOLATE BARS 얼린 초콜릿 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 294,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epWRr6-_8hY	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM, MOCHI, MACARON 초콜릿 아이스크림, 스노우 모찌, 마카롱 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,284,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRFWS2_EdeQ	ASMR *SPICY CHEESE BALLS 까르보 불닭 치즈볼 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 2,787,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7E51fgYwvjI	ASMR *TRUFFLE BLACK BEAN NOODLES 화사님의 트러플오일 짜파게티 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 18,833,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwCn94If6_w	ASMR TANGHULU CAKE 탕후루 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 194,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7FHbChzxuY	ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG 명랑 핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 3 seconds 346,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6pixFf9tmw	ASMR *SPICY RAW CRAB 양념게장 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 380,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbYAnKuOF9U	ASMR CHEESY FIRE NOODLES + WHOLE SPAM 치즈 불닭볶음면 + 통스팸 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 2,220,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8RquvvU3ls	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG, CHICKEN NUGGETS, FRIED CHICKEN, CHEESE RINGS by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 1 second 3,672,679 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bhy-FkHnzE	ASMR MARSHMALLOWS S'MORES 마쉬멜로우 스모어 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 396,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4x7tAPPCI4	ASMR UFO CANDY 우주캔디 우주사탕 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 270,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ppfzi0WhAMw	ASMR HONEYCOMB + HONEY FRIED CHICKEN 교촌 허니콤보 치킨 + 벌집꿀 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 3,885,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoLnq3bgP-A	ASMR *CHEESY SPICY TTEOKBOKKI NOODLES 엽기 떡볶이 중국당면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 656,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=900TBlLm4h4	ASMR *CHEESY* CHEESE RINGS 치즈링 치즈소스 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 746,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm1yh3Cv4lc	ASMR FRIED CHICKEN WINGS, FRIES 뿌링클 치킨 감자튀김 (EATING SOUNDS) 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 672,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IudgA8jMIgU	ASMR ICE CREAM CUP *FEAST 우유 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 196,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI6dN7B0ADg	ASMR STRAWBERRY *MOCHI ICE CREAM 딸기 모찌 아이스크림 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 1,484,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvcHcNnE7pc	ASMR CHEESY CORN DOG *FEAST 명랑핫도그 치즈 폭탄 세트 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 7,091,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKBnNJi3OaY	ASMR JJAJANGMYEON BLACK BEAN NOODLES 간짜장 짜장면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 53 seconds 1,299,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baB0RJqy-Bo	ASMR CHEESY FIRE NOODLES + ENOKI MUSHROOMS 불닭볶음면 + 팽이버섯 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 720,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHm7Hst5LMU	ASMR DANGO *STICKY* (EATING SOUNDS) 당고 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 251,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=809hHflFTsM	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM CONE 초콜릿 아이스크림 콘 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 1,719,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPm6zjNaECI	ASMR CHEESE BALL, FRIED CHICKEN, SAUSAGE, RICE CAKE 뿌링 치즈볼, 맵스터 치킨, 빨간 소떡 (EATING SOUNDS) 리얼사운드 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 1,443,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuLv_GDqMf0	ASMR KYOHO *JELLY 쿄호 젤리 EATING SOUNDS 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 561,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjBDzF7-OIY	ASMR *CHEESY KFC FRIED CHICKEN WINGS 후라이드 치킨 치즈소스 (EATING SOUNDS) 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 1,861,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK_NilIz4Ns	ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG *SPICY FIRE SAUCE (EATING SOUNDS) 불닭소스 모짜 핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 947,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgNgBdT6wns	ASMR BBQ CHICKEN, SPICY NOODLES 스모크 치킨, 괄도네넴띤 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 265,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dncniLyUFPw	ASMR KIMCHI JJIGAE, FRIED DUMPLINGS 김치찌개 라면, 구운 만두 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 119,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UHpAM_3kFQ	ASMR *CHEESY BURGER KING WHOPPER 버거킹 와퍼 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 684,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUzfLXWjs7c	ASMR CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 1,146,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMEkbJ5ChKA	ASMR CHEESE STICKS *CRUNCHY 치즈스틱 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 2,520,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6pmXOJw5i8	ASMR HONEYCOMB, KIRIMOCHI 벌집꿀, 키리모찌 리얼사운드 먹방 (STICKY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 59 seconds 1,643,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDPW7x7u570	ASMR CHEESY TTEOKBOKKI *SPICY 치즈 라볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (STICKY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 57 seconds 802,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiG_L8Fxh4M	ASMR CHEESY CORN DOG, ONION RING 치토스 핫도그 어니언링 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,394,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64smA29mDHc	ASMR WAGASHI MOCHI (EATING SOUNDS) 화과자 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 16,533,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D64Rshiqes0	ASMR CREPE CAKE *RAINBOW (EATING SOUNDS) 크레이프 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 5,029,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hqMYRVYNvA	ASMR KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN 처갓집 슈프림 양념치킨 치밥 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 1,014,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oISunQB3w0M	ASMR SPOON + ICE CREAM 먹는 숟가락 + 베라 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 52,791,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diuG0ZWYk4g	ASMR PLANET GUMMI *JELLY 지구젤리 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 4 minutes, 57 seconds 3,522,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MpVlg6gReM	ASMR *CHEESE BALLS, FRIES 치즈볼 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 1,388,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PklyksEpkm8	ASMR GRAPE JELLY *Homemade KYOHO JELLY* 왕포도 쿄호 젤리 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 3,969,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l9xZK-l_FU	ASMR 극한왕갈비 치킨 KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 261,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ih00YF8Ar8	ASMR *CHEESY PIZZA CONE 콘피자 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 668,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ppv6NZm3DDg	ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG (EATING SOUNDS) 모짜 핫도그 치즈소스 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 1,407,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlHqyEcm69s	ASMR CANDIED FRUITS *TANGHULU* 과일 사탕 탕후루 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 1,907,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMIKlG6dhqM	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + KIMCHI 짜파게티 김치 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 744,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7u1bN8ax_I4	ASMR *CHEESY TTEOKBOKKI X FRIED CHICKEN 황금올리브 치킨 + 치즈 떡볶이 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 910,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37KjFZ1D6UQ	ASMR 소곱창,소막창,소대창 리얼사운드 먹방 *CHEWY* GRILLED BEEF GOPCHANG (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 51 seconds 174,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSSrG7iXdqs	ASMR FRIED CHICKEN + CARBO FIRE NOODLES 후라이드 치킨 + 까르보 불닭볶음면(EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 845,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h31NjvJfrBA	ASMR *CHEESY BURGER 모짜렐라인더버거 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 384,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIxjoJ5cw60	ASMR CHEESE BALLS *SPICY FRIED CHICKEN, BBQ 레드써프라이드 치킨 크림치즈볼 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 964,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56pXwtYPTG8	ASMR MACARON 마카롱 뚱카롱 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 812,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6ApejuDNB8	ASMR TTEOKBOKKI *SPICY RICE CAKE, KIMBAP 신전 떡볶이, 신전 김밥 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 564,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Saie-az8xDY	ASMR *STICKY* SPICY CARBONARA GIANT NOODLES 까르보나라 중국당면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 234,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa0Smk0Ih78	ASMR *CHEETOS* MOZZARELLA CORN DOG (EATING SOUNDS) 치토스 치즈 핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 466,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAImKan1zIE	ASMR FRESH RAW OYSTER 석화 생굴 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 222,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WdkWeiQ7DI	ASMR CHEESE BALL, FRIES, SAUSAGE, RICE CAKE *BHC 뿌링 치즈볼, 뿌링 감자튀김, 뿌링 소떡 신메뉴 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 2,492,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrftDzRtsQE	ASMR *SUPER STRETCHY* SPICY RICE CAKE, KIRI MOCHI 키리모찌 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 1 second 493,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe7yaUwEpSM	ASMR MAGNUM CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM (EATING SOUNDS) 매그넘 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 420,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEt3EMFPisM	ASMR *CHEESY* ONION RINGS 치즈 소스 어니언링 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 1,624,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yULRheZUYw	ASMR 뽀로로 짜장면 BLACK BEAN NOODLES (EATING SOUNDS) 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 527,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DUH6MhJhDY	ASMR BBQ 자메이카 치킨 + 불닭볶음면 CHEESY FIRE NOODLES + CHICKEN 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 2,002,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9sacwCXcbk	ASMR *CHEESY SAUCE* CHICKEN NUGGETS 치킨너겟, 치즈 소스 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 2,215,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EHF8VwYpZI	ASMR CHEESE KATSU *CRUNCHY* 치즈돈까스, 불닭소스 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 797,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCwcGnHaWVU	ASMR CHEESE BALLS *CHEESY* BHC 치즈볼 뿌링클, 불닭 소스 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 52 seconds 2,172,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jshtch9AJLQ	ASMR *GIANT* FERRERO ROCHER CHOCOLATE 대왕 초콜릿 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 128,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzP3j8mQSWM	ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG *SPICY RICE CAKE 응급실 떡볶이, 모짜 핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 57 seconds 545,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zgTlSf-I_4	ASMR KFC *FEAST* CHICKEN NUGGETS, CHEESE FRIES 햄버거, 치킨너겟 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 181,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av28spt5sYQ	ASMR EDIBLE GLUE *PRANK 먹는 딱풀 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 1 second 375,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vok3EDGCuM8	ASMR FRIED CHICKEN *CRUNCHY (EATING SOUNDS) 뿌링클 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 14 minutes, 4 seconds 249,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Rxdi0PVHXc	ASMR *CHEESY *SPICY CARBO FIRE NOODLES (EATING SOUNDS) 치즈 까르보 불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes 583,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBAwbbckrl8	ASMR MACARON ICE CREAM SANDWICH (EATING SOUNDS) 마카롱 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 996,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3YYyPsmQxs	ASMR UDON NOODLES WITH FISH CAKE (EATING SOUNDS) 꼬치 어묵 우동 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 101,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2DVtjiRvv8	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR *TANGHULU, ALOE VERA, HONEYCOMB, SEA GRAPES (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 789,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UymxJJ7zxzA	ASMR *KOREAN PORK RIBS, KIMCHI 갈비찜 + 총각김치 (EATING SOUNDS) 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 196,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wehWjEVrRFM	ASMR *GIANT BLACK BEAN NOODLES (EATING SOUNDS) 분모자 짜장면 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 443,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mV0gGzG_W_w	ASMR *CHEESY SEASONED CHICKEN (EATING SOUNDS) 처갓집 슈프림 골드 양념치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 219,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GC0kWB8yg40	ASMR *CHEESY CORN DOG *SPICY FIRE SAUCE (EATING SOUNDS) 불닭소스 모짜 핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 4,082,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RZrJxHIDpQ	ASMR HONEYCOMB + RICE CAKE *STICKY EATING SOUNDS 벌집꿀 꿀떡 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 201,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7cXT9Hl5OY	ASMR OREO O's CEREAL 오레오 오즈 시리얼 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCH EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 338,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9TLHyP5LKI	ASMR KIRI MOCHI, SPICY NOODLES, PORK BELLY 키리모찌 삼겹살 비빔면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 159,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kShBGY1x5Ho	ASMR MACARON EATING SOUNDS 마카롱 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 631,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7X0yYaojrc	ASMR MARSHMALLOW 마쉬멜로우 리얼사운드 먹방 (SOFT EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 737,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50HHKRQ3J6k	ASMR CHICAGO DEEP DISH PIZZA *CHEESY 시카고 피자 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes 672,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hz-csUh0B8k	ASMR CAKE RED VELVET, CHOCOLATE, CARROT 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (SOFT EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 141,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oF0lh30Gats	ASMR FRIED CHICKEN + SPICY SEA SNAILS BBQ 골뱅이 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 99,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMCAQdmxxiA	ASMR BURGER KING WHOPPER, CHEESE BALLS, ONION RINGS 버거킹 와퍼 햄버거, 치즈볼, 어니언링 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 1 second 1,341,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_974oDim0rs	ASMR EDIBLE PAPER 먹는 색종이 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 169,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyYNQokmN0Y	ASMR NUCLEAR FIRE NOODLES 핵불닭볶음면 + 킬바사 소시지 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 326,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykCaKv5E-Zk	ASMR MAGNUM CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM BARS 매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 2,251,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5enUuxRPJhI	ASMR SPICY RICE CAKE + UDON NOODLES 매운 신전 우동 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 53 seconds 167,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRdYMDogBfo	ASMR STRAWBERRY FRESH CREAM 딸기 생크림 쌓아놓고 먹기 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 379,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQFpo-YIUVI	ASMR EXTREME SPICY CHEESY CHICKEN 볼케이노 치킨 치밥 + 치즈 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes 176,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0aioxiW76I	ASMR MOCHI ICE CREAM 찰떡아이스 리얼사운드 먹방 (STICKY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 554,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ns2lk1X3PN0	ASMR BBQ BACK RIBS, SAUSAGE 킬바사 소세지, 바베큐 폭립, 베이컨 스테이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 102,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9Vs6pfwEro	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES + KIMCHI 짜파게티 + 파김치 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 882,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9MN4Vv0c1E	ASMR MOZZARELLA CHEESE BALL & STICK 치즈볼, 치즈스틱 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 1,463,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBZXtymVBlU	ASMR SPOON + ICE CREAM 숟가락 + 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 2,097,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVBiaj19emM	ASMR Dango 당고 리얼사운드 먹방 (STICKY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 106,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwdodt5XjaU	FRIED CHICKEN + CHEESY SPICY RICE CAKE 후라이드 치킨 + 치즈 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 225,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzMQv_mzuoU	MOST POPULAR ASMR SEAFOOD 연어, 문어, 해삼, 생굴 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 152,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwyzaOO0158	BEST CHEWY ASMR FOOD *SPICY 쫄깃한 키리모찌, 통가래떡, 소세지 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 204,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1Rbzu2iKV4	ASMR LOACKER CHOCOLATE WAFER COOKIES 로아커 초콜릿 과자 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 104,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Op04UoPPwQ	ASMR POPEYES FRIED CHICKEN+FIRE NOODLES 치킨+불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 22 seconds 589,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8q7t99-UNk	ASMR CHOCOLATE COVERED ICE CREAM 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 1,759,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8O_HmwqBVPk	ASMR CREPE CAKE 크레이프 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 231,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CVusfJTDrM	ASMR KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN 처갓집 슈프림 양념치킨 치밥 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 1,092,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZ1Xgpk0cGs	ASMR McDonalds Chicken nuggets, BIG MAC, Fries 맥도날드 치킨너겟, 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 685,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9czbd3Wsg2U	ASMR Mozzarella Cheesy Corn dogs 명랑핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 (Crunchy EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 831,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qz4xDLyWWvQ	ASMR SAMYANG Carbonara fire noodles + Kimchi 까르보불닭 김치 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 14 seconds 295,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eLhkVWglNQ	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR (FRIED CHICKEN, ONION RING) 치킨, 어니언링 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 487,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUJk7Co6XG4	ASMR Chocolate Covered Ice Cream 초콜릿 아이스크림 팝 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 156,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJiUykeRlPM	ASMR Cotton Candy 솜사탕 마쉬멜로우 리얼사운드 먹방 (Soft EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 120,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4UemFAk7-g	ASMR Bacon Creamy Giant Rice Cake 베이컨 크림 통가래떡 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (Sticky EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 140,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cmj4_fGKLBQ	ASMR Fried Chicken Tree CHEESE BALLS 네네 치킨 트리 리얼사운드 먹방 (CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 116,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoAGBitJ87Y	ASMR Spicy Cheesy Rice cake + Noodles 마크정식 리얼사운드 먹방 (Sticky EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 417,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecDukwk2Sfo	ASMR Chocolate Covered Ice Cream Cone 초콜릿 아이스크림 콘 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,229,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhBgu3IBQLk	ASMR Macaron Meringue cookie 마카롱 머랭쿠키 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 706,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zU4lj712WM	ASMR SALMON SASHIMI + SEA GRAPES 연어회 바다포도 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 233,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rwmKGdRY7U	ASMR Frozen Tiramisu Cake 얼린 티라미수 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (Soft EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 381,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3M3zjZpEog	ASMR Cheesy Fried Chicken tender 치즈소스 치킨텐더 코코넛쉬림프 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 184,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXPOQY3MrcA	ASMR Fire Noodles + Corn Dogs 쫄볶이 불닭볶음면 명랑핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 238,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgSS7Hq-xYE	ASMR Jamaican Jerk Chicken 자메이카 통다리 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 459,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FC5gPQq3nM	ASMR Candied Strawberry Tanghulu 과일사탕 딸기탕후루 리얼사운드 먹방 (Crunchy EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 192,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=He5qsiWvXUM	ASMR Creamy Alfredo Pasta 크림파스타 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 163,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ic_oWy2FUw	ASMR S'more Giant Marshmallows 대왕 마쉬멜로우 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 1,831,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjCn6Nd9syo	ASMR Crepe cake 크레이프 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (Soft EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 1,650,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IXmsyl-WEk	ASMR Giant noodles Spicy rice cake 분모자 엽기떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 1,732,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fpXEUIX56Q	Best crunchy ASMR food 치즈스틱,오징어링,쉑쉑치킨,감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 176,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrdtjkEUIm8	ASMR Chocolate Ice cream Sandwich 초콜릿 아이스크림 샌드위치 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 519,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ftvmu9-kw4k	ASMR Cheese Balls bhc 치즈볼 뿌링클 콜팝 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 3,328,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w67-GnugL08	ASMR KFC CHICKEN HOT WINGS 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 582,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyAfwTjEL0M	ASMR Black bean fire noodles + Spicy rice cakes 짜장불닭 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 371,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h09sfU9ry2Q	ASMR Mozzarella ONION RIGS 치즈 어니언링 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 691,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCpuxc5L_6Y	ASMR Chocolate Ice cream 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 661,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTtUqCAht7I	ASMR Chocolate Donuts 초콜릿 도너츠 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 224,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1ws10lmDH4	ASMR Seafood Ramen Noodles 얼큰한 국물 라면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 408,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uejeFr-fp5I	ASMR MOCHI Ice Cream 아이스크림 찹쌀떡 리얼사운드 먹방 (Sticky EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 761,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVRH2PeQMao	BEST ASMR FOOD Aloe vera + Honeycomb 알로에 벌집꿀 리얼사운드 먹방 (Sticky EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 1,276,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkMhNpRU2nM	Best Crunchy ASMR food 치즈볼,핫도그,치킨너겟,감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 2,689,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m74Tu0qRe9c	ASMR Samyang Spicy Rice Cake 불닭 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 45 seconds 1,379,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TeJf8J6yn4	ASMR Fried Chicken 옛날통닭 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 (Crunchy EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 600,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q63KxERr8Cc	ASMR Hershey's Chocolate Covered Ice cream 허쉬 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 419,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwlRtdsqHTk	ASMR Rainbow Crepe Cake 크레이프 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 (SOFT EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 2,311,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgRBEJi45oA	ASMR Fried Chicken Carbonara fire noodles 후라이드 치킨 + 까르보 불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 711,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8eaCR1iEyo	킨더 초콜릿 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Kinder Chocolate (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 639,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn7LPwnX9dM	ASMR RAINBOW POPPING BOBA EATING SOUNDS 팝핑보바 리얼사운드 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 161,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAUSZFqNrF8	매그넘 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Magnum Chocolate Ice Cream (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,463,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOhCNZF_ajw	통삼겹 수육 + 김치 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Pork belly Kimchi (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 75,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUsTfQJbSZc	왕딸기 생크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Strawberry Fresh Cream (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 65,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5s-c6AHd-Y	먹는보석 코하쿠토 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR KOHAKUTOU Jewelry Candy (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 990,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTBwn_q8n8A	신전떡볶이 치즈스틱 튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Spicy Rice Cake (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 1,275,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_drJLLhLDcg	톰과제리 치즈케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Cheese Cake (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 31 seconds 745,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrzfHyT5CB0	멕시카나 김치 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Kimchi Chicken (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 251,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTfOCRxwfpA	소세지 김치볶음밥 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Sausage Kimchi fried rice (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 136,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMUVYrhvhjg	짜장면 탕수육 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Black bean noodles (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 185,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CK71w48XTR4	마카롱 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Ice Cream Macaron (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 1,153,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Zu4ATEpBbU	딸기모찌 과일 찹쌀떡 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Strawberry MOCHI (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 143,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu0ePXbQ2Xk	얼린 초콜릿 빼빼로 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Frozen Chocolate Pocky (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 419,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnIz4ZI0vG8	바삭바삭한 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Fried Potato Platter (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 350,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBKXaW6E34M	초콜릿 마쉬멜로우 피자 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR S'mores Pizza Chocolate Marshmallow (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 441,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iowSRAG9B6Y	처갓집 양념치킨 치밥 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Korean CHICKEN (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 694,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57DR8Y3BZ3s	고구마 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Sweet Potato Cake (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 64,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H6gVSQQvEk	초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Chocolate Covered Ice Cream (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 1,891,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rBQOZhY2fg	치킨 너겟 챌린지 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR McDonalds Chicken Nuggets CHALLENGE *AuzSOME Austin (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 237,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDsljzftt1I	아삭한 김치와 짜파게티 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Black bean Noodles & Kimchi(EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 151,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mATafQcLvgs	뿌링콜팝 치킨 치즈볼 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR CHEESE BALLS & CHICKEN NUGGETS (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 457,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYWktxzpVYY	감동란 피자 야채 호빵 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Steamed Buns (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 81,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wibaAerz8XI	터키쉬딜라이트 젤리 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Turkish delight LOKUM jelly (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 112,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MivYZfC7s-8	초콜릿 케이크 프로피테롤 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Profiterole Chocolate Cake (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 295,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bsclM_hIHI	역대급 매운맛!! 치킨매니아 불새치킨 치밥 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR EXTREME SPICY CHICKEN (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 1 second 125,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrS7PIVADHQ	랍스터 새우 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Lobster Shrimp & Sea Grapes (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 57 seconds 42,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=633PxadY6xk	젤리국수 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Jelly Noodles from LIHN-ASMR (EATING SOUNDS) no talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 497,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKiBy_VMwe8	초콜릿 케이크팝 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Chocolate Cake Pops (EATING SOUNDS) no talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 357,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAvhWz0ChiY	버거킹 앵그리몬스터X 햄버거 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR BURGER KING Hamburger Chicken strips (EATING SOUNDS) no talking by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 211,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_duHR7aVVsQ	로제 치즈 파스타 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Creamy Tomato Cheesy Pasta (EATING SOUNDS) by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 134,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmoNOesdziM	까르보불닭 짜장불닭 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Carbonara Blackbean Spicy Fire Noodles (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 58 seconds 287,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2vdH-MdY70	벌집꿀 무지개토스트 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR HONEYCOMB RAINBOW CHEESE TOAST (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 204,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zd-_SxklDMs	직접만든 과일 모찌 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Fruit Mochi (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 114,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_LuzeYcvcg	뿌링클 핫뿌링클 닭다리 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Fried CHICKEN (EATING SOUNDS) drumsticks NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 294,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLDNojs9qzs	엽기떡볶이 명랑핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR SPICY RICE CAKE Corn Dogs (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 251,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WslbUm8gxXc	썰어먹는 솜사탕 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Cotton Candy (Soft EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 41 seconds 1,235,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR73xRGfg4A	버블티 타피오카펄 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Tapioca Pearls (EATING SOUNDS) Chocolate Milk Tea by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 190,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emR2h6Z2Cww	왕새우튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Fried Shrimp Prawn (EATING SOUNDS) NO TALKING MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 148,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVqhNepTu0w	매그넘 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR (EATING SOUNDS) Magnum Chocolate Covered Ice Cream by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 1,099,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3Q588wbxI8	보석사탕 락캔디 대왕 머랭쿠키 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR (EATING SOUNDS) Meringue Crystal ROCK CANDY No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 37 seconds 170,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUas3QTXWvs	오레오 초콜릿 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR OREO Chocolate Cake (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 207,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTnlxI27mQ8	소세지 떡꼬치 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR European Sausage Fried Rice Cake (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 9 minutes, 50 seconds 206,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5cvQLbi0f4	모찌롤 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Mochi Roll Cake (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 199,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZl0yEcFAwY	치킨매니아 새우치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Shrimp Chicken (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 319,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEuyIY3FFVo	마쉬멜로우 초코바 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Marshmallow Chocolate Bars (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 324,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzs2MgdxAgA	짜계치 짜파게티 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Black Bean Noodles (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 207,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOkNs1It2iM	뚱카롱 마카롱 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Macaron (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 55 seconds 607,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwbmyR77MBs	허유산 망고 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Mango Crepe Cake (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 547,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shpNWUg6-LQ	롤 초밥 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR (EATING SOUNDS) SUSHI ROLL INARI No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 86,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYDdMscA8bA	티코 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Chocolate Covered Ice Cream (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 1 year ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 3,919,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYkNagQHV0Q	중국당면 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Spicy Rice Cake (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 504,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJu_EwZwU7k	치즈스틱 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Mozzarella CHEESE STICKS (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 573,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-BnRMojkqw	던킨 도넛 도너츠 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR DUNKIN DONUTS (SOFT EATING SOUNDS) Chocolate Covered No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 401,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gR0Ikyy5bU0	bhc 치하오 치킨 치즈볼 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Spicy Fried Chicken (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 718,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dgrWI50NyI	베스킨라빈스 스노우모찌 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR ICE CREAM MOCHI (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 322,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYAoOqy1skU	마카롱 크레이프 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Macaron Crepe Cake (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking MUKBANG by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 443,346 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NND8QMmuLHU	대왕 마쉬멜로우 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Giant Marshmallow MUKBANG (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 2,084,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IurqNymN8pM	빵또아 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Ice Cream Party (Eating Sounds) No Talking CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 28 seconds 623,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7BWjq0fvpo	대구 꿀떡 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR STICKY Honey Rice Cakes (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 126,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSDtJmPFQGk	불닭 만두 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Samyang Fire Dumpling (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 67,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zN4voc9pF5g	페퍼로니 피자 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Pepperoni Pizza (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 157,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnmstjyZANs	명랑핫도그 통모짜 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Mozzarella Corn Dogs (Eating Sounds) No Talking mukbang by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 715,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tO3mONoJ_DA	워너원 슈퍼콘 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Chocolate Cone Ice Cream Party (eating sounds) mukbang No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 231,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nX_Pczwegs	KFC 치킨 떡볶이 ASMR KFC CHICKEN n CHIPS Spicy Rice Cake (Eating Sounds) 리얼사운드 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 711,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQCsIy-QCYo	하겐다즈 아이스크림 ASMR HAAGEN-DAZS Chocolate Ice Cream Bars (eating sounds) No Talking 리얼사운드 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 478,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUFx_k-2tb8	매콤 콩나물 아구찜 ASMR Steamed Spicy Monkfish (Eating Sounds) 리얼사운드 먹방 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 51,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzXIReBT_tA	아이스크림 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Ice Cream Cake (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 286,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Vwbjir9nrg	치킨 커리 불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Giant Chicken curry Fire noodles (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 137,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeg8-KwmyYs	치즈 새우구이 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Cheesy Roasted Prawns (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 17,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQHnTsEhFVE	크런키 초코바 초콜릿 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Chocolate Bars (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 238,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BoOABdLIM8	마쉬멜로우 스모어딥 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Sticky S'mores Dip Marshmallows (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes 749,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUtQ_KpGVZM	통 가래떡 치즈 떡볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Cheesy Spicy Rice Cakes (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 44 seconds 479,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Mz1GjHgN0I	딸기 찰떡 아이스 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Strawberry Ice Cream Mochi (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 1,803,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlwhcmBInwU	연어 회 초밥 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Salmon Sashimi Sushi (EATING SOUNDS)No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 15 minutes 379,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoip-xHogCY	치킨 텐더 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR EXTREME CRUNCHY Chicken Strips & Fries (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 394,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot7cdyoxduU	짜장 불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Spicy Jjajang Blackbean Fire Noodles (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 1 second 141,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gur6PGLVTs4	마쉬멜로우 오리 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR PEEPS MARSHMALLOW EXTREME (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 586,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxY6vQuM3Mo	가을 꽃게 튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR DEEP FRIED CRAB Crunchy (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 105,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMYjKYnSr3Q	맥도날드 콘파이 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR McDonald's Corn Pie Extreme Crunchy (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 73,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki2J06vLzvM	bhc 갈비레오 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Korean Bulgogi CHICKEN (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 116,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hH6-vtu_lYE	통삼겹 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR PORK BELLY BBQ Juicy Chewy (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 107,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVP6UhuldT4	무지개 레인보우 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR RAINBOW Unicorn CAKE (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 266,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jgCFMFq24I	치즈 까르보 불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR CHEESY CARBONARA FIRE NOODLES (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 971,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0qImJ7nxLk	찹쌀 도너츠 꽈배기 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR CRUNCHY CHEWY DONUTS (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 169,760 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgOVr6jfHJg	BTS 지민도 먹은!! 망개떡 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR RICE CAKE (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 95,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mYy4joqSAk	딸기 탕후루 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Best Crunchy Candied Strawberry Tanghulu (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 208,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVWzhTvHb4M	로티세리 2탄! 치킨 샌드위치 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Part 2. Rotisserie Chicken Sandwich (Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 19,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdEnuc2sPFo	로티세리 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Whole Rotisserie CHICKEN (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 20 minutes 879,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmJrhXUzRKw	해쉬브라운 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR EXTREME CRUNCHY HASH BROWNS (EATING SOUNDS) no talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 140,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om_jmo94Th0	왕만두 김치만두 고기만두 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Big Dumpling (Eating Sounds) Kimchi Dumpling gyoza by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 16 minutes 316,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxlIgLkzsDo	야채 채소 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Veggie Platter (Eating Sounds) NO TALKING mukbang by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 19 minutes 327,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rom4MRWhcLM	케이크팝 초콜릿 리얼사운드 먹방 CAKE POPS CHOCOLATE ASMR (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 1,602,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoGDR2yfNoI	꾸덕꾸덕 맥앤치즈 리얼사운드 먹방 CHEESY MAC AND CHEESE ASMR (EATING SOUNDS) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 144,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbGFG9Yf1EQ	골뱅이 소면 리얼사운드 먹방 Spicy SEA SNAILS NOODLES ASMR Eating Sounds) No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 29,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjN5_iE7Y_0	양파 튀김 어니언링 리얼사운드 먹방 BEST CRUNCHY FRIED ONION RINGS ASMR No Talking Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 313,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibR2GehjnI0	마카롱 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR MACARON (No Talking) Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 137,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiCnTpsH2LY	뿌링클 닭다리 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 BEST CRUNCHY FRIED CHICKEN ASMR (No Talking) Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 15 minutes 998,954 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_lh6wxb3Bs	미고랭 라면 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR BIG BITES MI GORENG Noodles (No Talking) Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 116,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h50B7dZXCFU	ASMR 바다포도 리얼사운드 먹방 SEA GRAPES (crunchy Eating Sounds) NO TALKING by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 15 minutes 175,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Klk0ULIpLEo	맥도날드 맥너겟 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR McDonald's CHICKEN NUGGETS FRENCH FRIES EATING SOUNDS (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 28 minutes 71,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfFFNgVOng0	짜장면 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Korean Black Bean Noodles No Talking Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 17 minutes 79,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S08x1L2x7ss	오레오 케이크 머랭쿠키 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR BEST CRUNCHY OREO CAKE MERINGUE No Talking Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 20 minutes 57,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJ6w4vWzOho	무화과 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR JUICY FRESH FIGS No Talking Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 17 minutes 19,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyI9Rmer6tU	김부각 간장게장 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR BEST CRUNCHY SEAWEED eating sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 25 minutes 50,191 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mNzk-USyhQ	민트초코 매그넘 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 MAGNUM ICE CREAM BAR ASMR No Talking  eating sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 15 minutes 513,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiH8HVYbV-I	굽네 고추바사삭 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |ROASTED CHICKEN ASMR No Talking Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 28 minutes 60,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1L3LWpIJmo	시원한 소바 & 돈가스 돈까스 리얼사운드 먹방 |Buckwheat Soba Noodles Pork Cutlet ASMR Eating sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 18 minutes 25,925 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4JHL53vmlg	츄러스 리얼사운드 먹방 #BEST CRUNCHY Churros ASMR Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 21 minutes 72,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Tja_--k9fg	에그타르트 빵 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR EGG TART (No Talking) Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 19 minutes 40,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwYF_I9g550	써브웨이 샌드위치 빵 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR SUBWAY SANDWICH (No Talking) Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 23 minutes 26,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDw5lGEhiWU	빅 구슬 아이스크림 아이스 얼음 리얼사운드 먹방 |ICE ASMR No Talking Eating Sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 20 minutes 78,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20K64ttDxig	시원한 회냉면 냉면 리얼사운드 먹방 |Korean Cold Noodles ASMR No Talking| Eating sounds (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 22 minutes 40,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSvVTSK2SEc	통연어 생연어 연어 회 리얼사운드 먹방 | Whole Salmon Sashimi ASMR *No Talking | Eating Show (jane asmr) by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 22 minutes 79,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzgFfvPm19s	새우 김치전 리얼사운드 먹방 |Kimchi Cheese Pancakes ASMR| No Talking| Eating Sounds| by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 27 minutes 14,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1rg--MAkgI	불닭볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 |Korean Spicy Fire Noodles ASMR| No Talking by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 15 minutes 80,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xthw_HfLfYk	직접 구운 마카롱 딸기 요거트 케이크 케익 리얼사운드 먹방 |Cake & Macaron ASMR |No Talking |ケーキ by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 21 minutes 124,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkO4dKoSLqM	시원한 수박화채 리얼사운드 먹방 |Fruit Punch ASMR No Talking Real Sounds| ファチェ水果甜茶chè hoa quả by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 28 minutes 218,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au4vBoEdp7M	과일 모찌 파인애플 체리 바나나 리얼사운드 먹방 |Mochi Pineapple Cherry Banana ASMR No Talking Real Sounds| by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 107,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAcobLx_WsA	소떡소떡 치즈 떡꼬치 소세지 리얼사운드 먹방 |Cheese Fried Rice Cake and Sausage Skewered food ASMR Real Sounds| by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 20 minutes 44,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOSLSk-zZpk	후라이드 치킨 닭다리 리얼사운드 먹방 |Crunchy Fried Chicken ASMR No Talking Real Sounds| チーズ チキン炸鸡 gà rán by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 33 minutes 474,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szf0IlQ9cuM	아몬드 바게트 빵 리얼사운드 먹방 |Almond Baguette Bread ASMR No Talking Real Sounds|棒面包バゲット by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 24 minutes 11,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t4HsHdyTpw	용과 아이스 망고 리얼사운드 먹방 |Dragon Fruit ASMR No Talking Real Sounds|ピターヤ火龙果quả thanh long by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 20 minutes 24,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iw0PLmLletI	왕새우튀김 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 |Fried Shrimp Prawn ASMR No Talking Real Sounds| by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 16 minutes 50,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_PHHspsI6Q	매그넘 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR MAGNUM ICE CREAM No Talking Real Sounds| アイスクリーム冰糕kem by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 332,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn4_NMM56NE	대왕 통 순대 리얼사운드 먹방 |Korean Sausage Sundae ASMR No Talking Real Sounds| 豚の腸詰め血肠 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 21 minutes 43,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpDpqOUm5HA	바삭한 마늘 바게트 빵 & 감바스 리얼사운드 먹방 |Gambas al ajillo w. Baguette ASMR No Talking Real Sounds|棒面包バゲット by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 17,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQBJU4yygGE	초복 맞이 멕시카나 치토스 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 | Cheetos Fried Chicken ASMR Real Sounds| チーズ チキン炸鸡 gà rán by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 21 minutes 283,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uEhkkeLAxU	양고기 양갈비 스테이크 리얼사운드 먹방 |Lamb Steak ASMR Real Sounds|ラムリブステーキ 烤肉 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 37,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMyXFUtM140	신전 떡볶이 튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 |Spicy Korean Cake Tteokbokki ASMR Real Sounds| トッポッキ炒年糕 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 171,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwbIu2evi_M	통문어 문어다리 리얼사운드 먹방 |GIANT Octopus ASMR Real Sounds| オクトパス 章魚 bạch tuột by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 113,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRLMv6tAaP0	꿀떡 찰떡 찹쌀경단 오메기떡 백설기 떡 리얼사운드 먹방 |Korean Rice Cake ASMR Real Sounds| もち 粑粑 糕 bánh gạo by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 79,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIdRim2z8nA	생연어 & 광어 회 리얼사운드 먹방 |Salmon Sashimi ASMR Real Sounds| サケ刺身三文鱼 鱼片 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 39,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIrh2gtx7WM	♥구독자1000♥ 감사 초코 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 |Chocolate CAKE ASMR Real Sounds| ケーキ 蛋糕 Bánh ngọt by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 36,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLGmt2Ov2iA	네네 스노윙 치즈 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |Cheese Chicken ASMR Real Sounds| チーズ チキン炸鸡 gà rán by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 21 minutes 138,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=topgXKlkU08	티코 초콜릿 아이스크림 리얼사운드 먹방 |Chocolate Covered Ice Creams ASMR Real Sounds|アイスクリーム 冰淇淋kem que by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 2,541,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=898imtmXzyM	먹는 개구리알?! 팝핑보바 리얼사운드 먹방 |POPPING BOBA Pearls ASMR Real Sounds by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 29,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMXNmRofXP8	파리바게트 빵 도너츠 고로케 샌드위치 리얼사운드 먹방 |Assorted Bread ASMR Real Sounds| ブレッド面包 bánh mì by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 173,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0FZ6rhGTDo	BHC 치킨 치즈볼 리얼사운드 먹방 |Mozzarella Cheese balls ASMR Real Sounds|チーズ 芝士球  phô mai by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 359,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAlYcf9oGUo	버거킹 와퍼 햄버거 리얼사운드 먹방 |BURGERKING WHOPPER Hamburger ASMR Real Sounds| ハンバーガー汉堡包 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 52 seconds 61,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZHyAmFmXSs	오독오독한!! 킬바사 소세지 소시지 리얼사운드 먹방 |Sausage ASMR Real Sounds| ソーセージ 香肠 xúc xích by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 215,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrshauRtmzU	로티세리 로스트 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |Rotisserie Roast Chicken ASMR Real Sounds ロースト・チキン 烤鸡 gà nướng nguyên con by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 20 minutes 692,654 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6x1tcQFPxto	한국인이 사랑하는!!! 김밥 리얼사운드 먹방 |KOREAN KIMBAP ASMR Real Sounds|キンパプ 紫菜卷饭 món cơm cuộn rong biển by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 40,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l76_yajScJ4	중국당면 납작당면 굴소스 볶음면 리얼사운드 먹방 |Stir-Fried with Oyster Sauce Noodles ASMR Real Sounds|炒面焼きそば by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 13,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2CdTlMMd9k	달콤한!! 통 벌집꿀 리얼사운드 먹방 |HONEYCOMB ASMR Real Sounds|ハニカム马蜂窝tổ ong Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 361,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsX2TKbePF8	매콤한!! 무뼈 닭발 주먹밥 계란찜 리얼사운드 먹방 |Boneless Chicken Feet ASMR Real Sounds|无骨鸡爪 骨抜き鶏モミジ Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 41 seconds 17,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N__foX307Ls	♥구독자 500!!!♥ 직접 만든 크레이프 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 |CREPE CAKE ASMR Eating Sounds Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 61,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR_9lSdHh68	bbq 비비큐 황금올리브 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 Extreme Crunchy Chicken ASMR Eating Sounds Real Sounds|チキン 炸鸡 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 131,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7H1bBhxMjU	마시멜로우 & 과일 탕후루 리얼사운드 먹방 |Marshmallow & fruits Tanghulu ASMR Real Sounds|糖葫芦 Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 175,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f40TwB-XgIg	대왕 곰 젤리!!! 점보베어 리얼사운드 먹방 |Jumbo Gummy Bear ASMR Real Sounds|ゼリー グルメ 果冻 thạch Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 27,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knI7PLqC5qY	완전 오독오독한!!! 쭈꾸미 리얼사운드 먹방 |baby Octopus ASMR Real Sounds|イイダコ Eating Show 小章魚 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 109,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3hYNXIp7m8	bbq 비비큐 자메이카 통다리 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR Chicken Eating Sounds|チキン Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 287,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHuvvhCEKxQ	과일맛!!! 아이스 모찌 딸기 망고 녹차 리얼사운드 먹방 |Ice Mochi ASMR Real Sounds|もち 麻糬 草饼 Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 884,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PfZKtxJtQ8	꿀맛 한끼!!! 날치알 아보카도 비빔밥 리얼사운드 먹방 |Avocado bibimbap ASMR Real Sounds|トビコ トビコ  Eating Show 拌饭 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 15 seconds 12,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKrhUtfVBqE	맛있게 맵다!!! 엽기떡볶이 엽떡 리얼사운드 먹방 |Tteok-bokki ASMR Real Sounds|トッポッキ 辣炒年糕 món tteok xào Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 148,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qctMAJo0DQs	간장치킨의 새로운 맛!!! bhc 소이바베큐 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |Soy sauce Chicken ASMR Real Sounds| チキン Eating Show 炸鸡 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 72,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSDEEzTNoJ0	바삭 쫀득!! 마카롱 리얼사운드 먹방 |Crunchy Macaron ASMR Real Sounds|マカロン 马卡龙 Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 51,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfEbolvQJEM	❤️구독자 100!! 감사합니다❤️ 케이크 리얼사운드 먹방 |Cake ASMR Real Sounds|ケーキ Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 25,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kZ4778cG1U	달콤~ 바삭한!! 교촌 치킨 허니콤보 리얼사운드 먹방 |Extreme Crunchy Fried Chicken ASMR Real Sounds|フライドチキン Eating Show 炸鸡 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 185,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDylNUPWkys	바삭 쫄깃한!!! 꽈배기 도너츠 리얼사운드 먹방 |Crunchy donut ASMR Real Sounds|ドーナツ. -クァベギ・ドノッ Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 84,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRMNl3BpIVQ	엄청 쫄깃한!!! bhc 붐바스틱 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |Super size Chicken ASMR Real Sounds|チキン Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 505,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zT3qDgjm5lQ	별미 라면!!! 굴소스 볶음면!!! 리얼사운드 먹방 |Stir-Fried with Oyster Sauce Noodles ASMR Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 5 minutes, 33 seconds 17,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yiv92GnfHs0	과일 플래터!!! 리얼사운드 먹방 |Fruit Platter Crunchy ASMR Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 10,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iCoLvcW_FQ	명랑핫도그 추천메뉴!!! 모짜맵구마, 감자, 통모짜 리얼사운드 먹방 |Extreme Crunchy Corndogs ASMR Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 166,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Dq89NAVW40	엄청 바삭한!!! bhc 뿌링클 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |Extreme Crunchy Fried Chicken ASMR Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 15 minutes 74,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0y3XKLZOk00	팔도 비빔면 두 봉지!!! 리얼사운드 먹방 | Korean Spicy Noodles ASMR Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 17 minutes 13,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNFvFELyP9s	톡톡 터지는!!! 날치알 초밥!!! 리얼사운드 먹방 |Popping Tobiko Nigiri(Flying Fish Roe) ASMR Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 36,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfHYVeE6PS0	손님 초대 샐러드!! 카프레제 리얼사운드 먹방 |Caprese Salad ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 10,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0meSENUWrCc	더위야 물러가라!!!! 수박 리얼사운드 먹방 |Watermelon ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 20,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us9V70enHtY	월남쌈!!!! 리얼사운드 먹방 |Rice Paper Roll ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 20,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjCYYt-mU94	오도독!!! 칵테일 쉬림프!! 리얼사운드 먹방 |SHRIMP COCKTAILS ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 9 minutes, 51 seconds 15,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ42OGccArM	과즙 팡팡!! 복숭아 통조림 리얼사운드 먹방 |Peach ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 22,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8exwAxFInU	역대급 바삭함!!! 스마일 감자튀김 리얼사운드 먹방 |Extreme Crunchy French Fries ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 37,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uF_68fJH70	아삭아삭!!! 파프리카 리얼사운드 |Sweet Peppers ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Extreme Crunchy Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 15,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fWtGV9JUXU	수제 돈까스 + 딸기잼 리얼사운드 |Extreme Crunchy Pork Cutlet ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 39 seconds 20,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lF7_15ji5cM	너구보나라!!! 농심 신메뉴 리얼사운드 |Korean Spicy Noodle ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 25,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffCLyty-ZEg	빙그레 신상!! ★레몬콜라 캔디바★ 리얼사운드 |icecream ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 25,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyE1WzjscJs	gs25도라에몽 과자!!! 초코웨이퍼 리얼사운드 |Choco wafer Pepero ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 20,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOHzpVS__kk	비주얼 깡패!!! 치즈올린 카나페 리얼사운드 |Canape with cheese ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 5 minutes, 32 seconds 11,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHzmWGRScZ4	엄청 바삭하다!!!! 치킨 리얼사운드 먹방 |Extreme Crunchy Fried Chicken ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 17 minutes 31,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPMg2pZOZfE	세젤맛 라면!!! 간짬뽕 리얼사운드 |Korean Spicy Noodle ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 20,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FcuWN1YKDQ	역대급 사운드!!! 탕후루 과일사탕 리얼사운드 |Extreme Crunchy Tanghulu ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 58,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdxJDZpxcNM	영자미식회 강추메뉴!!! 베이컨치즈스틱 리얼사운드 |Extreme Crunchy Cheese stick ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 20,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLi8EKQYnrc	입안에서 불꽃쇼가!!! 와다닥 터지는 팝핑캔디 리얼사운드 먹방|Popping Candies ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 15,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6oyJcevjsg	시선 강탈!! 사르르 바사삭 녹는 머랭쿠키 리얼사운드 먹방|Meringue Cookies ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 35,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0bjm_Nbjzk	침샘 자극!!! 로제파스타 리얼사운드|Rose Fettuccini Pasta ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 19,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwViovCNkts	씹고 뜯고 맛보는!! 샐러리 리얼사운드 |Best Crunchy Celery ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds|Eating Sounds by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 27,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGwoGoqVZBk	이렇게 바삭할수가!! 노랑통닭 후라이드 치킨 리얼사운드 |Extreme Crunchy Fried Chicken ASMR Mukbang Real Sounds| Eating Show by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 37,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDIj5YmnFTs	식감 최고!! 탱글한 각종 묵 리얼사운드 | Mukbang acorn jelly Real Sound | jelied food Eating Sound| 도토리묵 by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 36,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyyKCJOooII	침샘 폭발!! 이영자가 추천한 명랑핫도그 리얼사운드 | Mukbang hotdog corndog Real Sound | Eating Sound by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 64,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNFzTylb9xM	세상 쫄깃!!! 찰떡아이스 리얼사운드 먹방 | Mukbang IceCream Real Sound | Eating Sound by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 2 minutes, 31 seconds 85,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vewC8uuqHK4	치즈 좔좔!! 뜨거운 라면볶이 리얼사운드 먹방 | Mukbang Korean Noodle Real Sound | Ramyeon Eating Sound by Jane ASMR 제인 2 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 267,766 views
