https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZDVGh20WoE	ASMR MUKBANG Black bean noodles, menbosha, hash brown, seasoned chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 day ago 16 minutes 399,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZKGbCoSFbQ	ASMR MUKBANG Rice Burger, Kimchi Stew Ramen, Spam, Oil Tteokbokki, Seasoned Chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 3 days ago 15 minutes 744,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGtGCZiYe_g	ASMR MUKBANG Noodle Tteokbokki, Samgyeopsal Gimbap, Tempura, Seasoned Chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 days ago 16 minutes 920,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OVyan8mWGM	어 ASMR MUKBANG Bburinkle chicken, spicy black bean noodles, cheese fondue, kilbasa sausage, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 week ago 16 minutes 1,993,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjzaDyJzwFQ	ASMR MUKBANG Tteokbokki, Seasoned Chicken, Meat Gimbap, Tempura, Oreo Shaved Ice, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 week ago 16 minutes 867,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUtNlWX4yCc	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos hamburger, hot dog, chicken, black bean noodles, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 week ago 16 minutes 2,025,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSB5bGvY7W0	ASMR MUKBANG| 편의점 직접 만든 핵불닭 떡볶이 햄버거 김밥 디저트 먹방 & 레시피 HAMBURGER AND Tteokbokki EATING by 설기양SULGI 1 week ago 14 minutes, 9 seconds 2,148,177 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8evmBgdLJFU	ASMR MUKBANG California roll, mushroom tteokbokki, red pepper fried, seasoned chicken, cake, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 weeks ago 16 minutes 1,743,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBMi4ei6mKM	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy Tteokbokki, Honeycombo Chicken, Dumplings, Rolled Seaweed, cheese eating by 설기양SULGI 2 weeks ago 18 minutes 2,169,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upkQSigKQuI	ASMR MUKBANG Roast Chicken, French Fries, Squid Tteokbokki, Butter Corn, Draft Beer, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 weeks ago 17 minutes 543,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RL5rUCZac8k	ASMR MUKBANG Black bean noodles, giant hot dog, seasoned chicken, fried onion, eating by 설기양SULGI 3 weeks ago 15 minutes 2,045,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n2IV8RQeao	ASMR MUKBANG Mi goreng ramen, Indonesia chicken, cheese sticks, dumplings, eating by 설기양SULGI 3 weeks ago 16 minutes 1,070,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QC4iqEldYMs	ASMR MUKBANG Grilled Shrimp, Shrimp Pizza, Onion Chicken, Tteokbokki, eating by 설기양SULGI 3 weeks ago 16 minutes 671,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dEq_r_K8XI	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, tteokbokki, spicy seasoned chicken, hamburger, dessert, eating by 설기양SULGI 3 weeks ago 15 minutes 899,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rz6b4jenhfE	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos Chicken, Black Bean Noodles, Hot Dog, Kilbasa Sausage, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 weeks ago 16 minutes 2,700,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3eoHl2dmUs	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy Mushroom Tteokbokki, Cheese Gimbap, Cheese Stick, Cheese Waffle Chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 16 minutes 2,556,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o9giuHh1bY	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy convenience store food, ramen, tteokbokki, chicken, dessert, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 18 minutes 19,578,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhbccbmXn8c	ASMR MUKBANG Omelette Tteokbokki, Chicken Garlic Cream Pasta, Hot Dog, Dessert, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 16 minutes 729,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDR5EyKmlbU	ASMR MUKBANG Korean fire noodle, cheese stick, seasoned chicken, hot dog, shrimp eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 16 minutes 338,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X03N1RmbHfQ	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy noodle, Okonomiyaki Tteokbokki, Kimbap, Seasoned Chicken, Cheese, Shrimp, Eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 15 minutes 398,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4ApYJs3pWY	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy pork fire noodle, cheese stick, cheese ball, seasoned chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 15 minutes 551,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX0KXKLzdok	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Japaguri, tuna gimbap, Seasoned Chicken, dessert, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 16 minutes 908,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7YKw9I0LS0	ASMR MUKBANG Giant Spicy Tteokbokki, Seasoned Chicken, pork belly Gimbap, dessert, Eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 1,243,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ODZSnZhR4U	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos Hamburger, Chicken, Cheese Stick, Cheese Ball, Eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 1,965,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo7TgcXhe-8	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy Chinese vermicelli, cheese stick, big sausage bread, seasoned chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 15 minutes 601,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FxLpCqQkbI	ASMR MUKBANG Cream pasta, cheese fries, omelette tteokbokki, seasoned chicken, kimbap, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 935,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G_rhSqfftU	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Japaguri, kimchi  gimbap, curry rice cake, dessert, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 15 minutes 3,446,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIqR6dv6Vpk	ASMR MUKBANG Hamburger, french fries, Macaroni and cheese, seasoned chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 646,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJBIuZH0rAs	ASMR MUKBANG Black bean noodle, grilled chicken leg, spam, pickled radish, leek kimchi, eating by 설기양SULGI 1 month ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 511,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1PLYvBxB-g	ASMR MUKBANG Carbonara Korean fire noodle, cheese stick, pizza bread, soy chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 1,953,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5FyiJbBqWM	ASMR MUKBANG Mara Ramen, Oil Tteokbokki, Cheese Spam, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 657,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRQ7UNo4zbM	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos Hot Dog, Cheese Ball, Onion Ring, Seasoned Chicken, Cake, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 15 minutes 881,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGII-H3pc3Y	ASMR MUKBANG Roasted rice cake, spam, seasoned chicken, steak, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 595,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-N0bK0EJmU	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Korean fire ramen, Tteokbokki, Sausage, Gimbap, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 15 minutes 3,877,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JV-UX-umVo	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy Cold Chewy Noodles, Seasoned Chicken, Korean Fire Noodle Tteokbokki, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 636,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7M5eTFGBnA	ASMR MUKBANG Black Bean Noodle, Seasoned Chicken, Steak, Carbonara Tteokbokki, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 772,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfgE58HqmgA	ASMR MUKBANG Seafood Tteokbokki, Squid Kimbab, Fried Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 15 minutes 615,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJHnRorzTCs	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Korean Fire Noodles, Tteokbokki, Desserts, Hamburgers, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 1,617,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1IHRH6WJi0	ASMR MUKBANG Grilled Seasoned Chicken, Fried Chicken, Tteokbokki, Chicken Rice, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 630,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07ujwbLC88A	ASMR MUKBANG Pizza, Grilled Chicken, Tteokbokki, Onion Ring, Garlic Bread ,Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 428,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1xQuwUtz7c	ASMR MUKBANG Cheese Fondue Tteokbokki, Blooming Onion, Chicken, Rice Ball, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 538,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7KkFHdl3Vs	ASMR MUKBANG Gimbap, Tteokbokki, Hot Dog, Black Bean Noodle, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 763,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pg-oymiHVls	ASMR MUKBANG Donut cake, mango shaved ice, eclair, Dalgona cafe latte, dessert, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 321,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2tvZK2DMAs	ASMR MUKBANG Mozzarella Cheese Hamburger, Apple Pie, French Fries, Seasoning Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 14 minutes, 1 second 564,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eVdHwtWxSg	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy convenience store food, spicy ramen, hamburger, seasoned chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 15 minutes 4,462,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuN4ZUrbD9w	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy ramen, salmon gimbap, seasoned chicken, kimchi dumplings, eating by 설기양SULGI 2 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 1,444,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6nNikl-LHE	ASMR MUKBANG Mara Seasoning Mushroom, Black Bean Noodle, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 4,473,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOYf0ys-8K0	ASMR MUKBANG CHOCOLATE DESSERT EDIBLE SPOON ICE CREAM CAKE COOKIE EATING by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 5,906,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPNwJTIy49o	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Korean Fire Noodles, Chicken, Tteokbokki, Dessert, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 2,756,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8uEKgvSyLM	ASMR MUKBANG Giblet hotpot, mochi skewer, kilbasa sausage, paprika egg fry, eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 15 minutes 1,318,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKbHhFnoU0Q	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos Chicken, Black Bean Noodle, Honeycomb, Cheese Ball, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 2,277,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpNwLGEAIwM	ASMR MUKBANG Cheese Tteokbokki, Hot Dog, Seasoning Chicken, Tempura, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 1,583,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emcpvA2Hrxw	ASMR MUKBANG Hamburger, Noodle Tteokbokki, Hash Brown, Cheese Stick, Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 16 minutes 1,922,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NcNPruf1aQ	ASMR MUKBANG Kimchi Ramen, Spam Egg Fry, Oil Tteokbokki, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 2,291,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ez55cSK2hk	ASMR MUKBANG| Convenience store Fire Noodles Chicken Tteokbokki Hamburger Kimbab Dessert by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 16 minutes 12,939,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loE0UIT_4pM	ASMR MUKBANG Tornado Potato, Pizza Tteokbokki, Flower Kimbab, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 3,417,161 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyEGGL7_7mc	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos Chicken, Cheese Stick, Black Bean Noodle, Quail Egg Fry, Eating by 설기양SULGI 3 months ago 15 minutes 3,449,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnoj7sBZubM	ASMR MUKBANG Chocolate Dessert, Smore Dip, Ice Cream, Sweets, Cake, Chocolate Milk, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 18 minutes 2,880,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQNn2lUt7IQ	ASMR MUKBANG Ramen Tteokbokki, Cheetos Chicken, Rice Ball, Cheese Ball, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 1,295,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDl-otPkEAA	ASMR MUKBANG Black Bean Noodle, Enoki Mushroom, Seasoned Chicken, Tangfuru, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 1,447,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWfgK1pxm04	ASMR MUKBANG Shrimp, raw shrimp, salt grilled shrimp, chili shrimp, soy sauce shrimp, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 695,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vKB4LNjt-g	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Ramen, Cheese Tteokbokki, Chicken, Gimbap, Dessert, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 16 minutes 16,398,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy3gTFwbENs	ASMR MUKBANG Dumpling ramen, cheese spam, jukkumi tteokbokki, steak, kimchi, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 14 minutes, 1 second 1,520,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2GrF18N1h8	ASMR MUKBANG Mushroom Tteokbokki, Spam Gimbap, Vegetable Fried, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 4,196,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTy7vWZaNQ4	ASMR MUKBANG Black bean noodles, kielbasa sausage, chitose chicken, seasoned chicken, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 4,334,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SN2DgCeXU4	ASMR MUKBANG Steamed seafood, blue crab, octopus, scallops, shellfish, shrimp, abalone, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 1,979,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4nxJ6b5olM	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Jjajangmyeon, Chicken, Sausage, Tteokbokki, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 16 minutes 5,397,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G77VOCQ-m-E	ASMR MUKBANG Budae stew, steak, green onion kimchi, fried egg, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 1,020,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnCaqKRKusA	ASMR MUKBANG Tteokbokki, Gimbap, Cheese Stick, Seasoning Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 2,176,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdowJc5lLaQ	ASMR MUKBANG Seafood, salmon, shrimp, octopus, octopus, scallops, abalone, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 1,318,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN1kmaeECMw	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, Cheese Tteokbokki, Spicy Ramen, Hot Dog, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 16 minutes 4,398,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuQX-Ar7ZbM	ASMR MUKBANG Cabbage kimchi, spam, kimchi stew, bibimbap, eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 16 minutes 2,315,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXn6SRFRkoo	ASMR MUKBANG Carbo Fire Tteokbokki, Egg Gimbap, Pepper Fried, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 2,338,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CK99-dj344g	ASMR MUKBANG| BLACK BEAN NOODLES & CHEETOS FRIED CHICKEN & CHEESE BALL EATING by 설기양SULGI 4 months ago 15 minutes 6,117,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cve4cNcmGzg	ASMR MUKBANG Braised Seafood (octopus, abalone, shrimp, scallops) eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 15 minutes 1,852,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hovpDTPV-3g	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store food, spicy ramen, kimchi fried rice, pizza, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 3,793,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8fXyHS8CSs	ASMR MUKBANG Cheetos Hamburger, Chees Hot Dog, Cheese Ball, French Fries, Eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 16 minutes 2,605,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19_9B_cHxe4	ASMR MUKBANG Tteokbokki, cheese fondue, seasoned chicken, salmon gimbap, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 16 minutes 4,446,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAoLClddVys	ASMR MUKBANG Steamed seafood, scallop, abalone, shrimp, blue crab, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 15 minutes 1,633,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7yOEh03O7M	ASMR MUKBANG| SPAM, RAMEN, BRAISED SPICY CHICKEN, FRIED EGG, GREEN ONION KIMCHI, DESSERT EATING by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 1,489,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6MOJrLbvp4	ASMR MUKBANG Very big king crab, crab bibimbap, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 14 minutes, 1 second 1,462,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzuUSucgfw0	ASMR MUKBANG Chitose, cheese ball, seasoned chicken, hot dog, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 2,854,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiKP68SIMSs	ASMR MUKBANG Barbecue Snack, Cheese Snack, Beer, Eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 345,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z6uQLKBxsM	ASMR MUKBANG| CONVENIENCE STORE CHICKEN FIRE NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI HAMBERGER GIMBAP by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 15,273,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A42bLmZ_75s	ASMR MUKBANG Steamed seafood, scallop, octopus, shrimp, abalone, king crab, Eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 6,474,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nG3ulBgMmA8	ASMR MUKBANG Jjajang ramen, seasoned chicken, green onion kimchi, cheese ball, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 1,642,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAQZ0gwOVMA	ASMR MUKBANG Convenience store, Ramen, Tteokbokki, Gimbap, Chicken, Macaroons, Eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 16 minutes 5,287,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz7mHuA8eik	ASMR MUKBANG Chitose Hot Dog, Onion Ring, French Fries, Cheese Ball, Seasoned Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 8,455,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s7oyd85TcQ	ASMR MUKBANG Chicago pizza, spicy chicken, spicy chicken fried noodles, eating by 설기양SULGI 5 months ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 1,139,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqaIeQOa2I4	ASMR MUKBANG Spam, spicy kimchi, ramen, fried eggs, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,788,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV1-L90K6sw	ASMR MUKBANG Steamed seafood, scallop, king crab, abalone, Chinese vermicelli, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 2,780,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buXhS3SLIa4	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy chicken Tteokbokki, Seasoned Chicken, Cheese Kimchi Gimbap, fried food, Eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 15 minutes 57,005,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4DafvOFGZk	Cheese fondue, fried chicken, onion rings, cheese balls, cheese sticks, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 15 minutes 2,417,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTaF3ttWgfc	ASMR MUKBANG Soy crab, soy salmon, soy abalone, soy shrimp, soy egg, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 2,020,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9naChOuszqs	ASMR MUKBANG Tteokbokki, spicy tteokbokki, jjajang tteokbokki, cheese roll, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 765,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQG7JirttAQ	ASMR MUKBANG| RAW SEAFOOD (RAW OCTOPUS, SPOON WORM, SEA CUCUMBER,  SEA SQUIRT, ABALONE, SHRIMP) by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 4,258,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxAl56VSC6Q	ASMR MUKBANG Mara seasoned mushrooms, steamed seafood, Chinese vermicelli, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 3,086,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3DTFXWfgxo	ASMR MUKBANG Seasoned Chicken, Soy Sauce Chicken, Zapaghetti, Menbosha, Cheese Ball, Eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 15 minutes 1,195,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPQh0g6N_5M	ASMR MUKBANG SAUSAGE STEW & STEAK & SPRING ROLLS & JAPCHAE by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 993,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akkjfRrZEcw	ASMR MUKBANG NOODLE TTEOKBOKKI & FRIED CHICKEN & CORN DOG & ONION RING EATING by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 15 minutes 2,329,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnh7Z5v86qU	ASMR MUKBANG Stir-fried Champon, Abalone, Octopus, Shrimp, Mussel, Kansho Shrimp, Eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 4,746,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fR8ndqhIzs0	ASMR MUKBANG Budae Jjigae, Cheese Rolled Egg, Gimbap, Green Kimchi, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 15 minutes 3,258,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaD5V_ln9k4	ASMR MUKBANG Seafood soup, jukkumi, abalone, octopus, red scallops, shrimp, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 3,238,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgpcEa5xnmk	ASMR MUKBANG Tteokbokki, Pork Cutlet Kimbab, Seasoned Chicken, Fried Chicken, Eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 3,676,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTgWMXIYn9U	ASMR MUKBANG Grilled Seafood, Scallops, Octopus, Abalone, Lobster Tail, Steak, Eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 16 minutes 2,736,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5t_l587jYc	ASMR MUKBANG Spam, Ramen, Seasoned Chicken, Chinese Cabbage Kimchi, Fried Egg, Eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 16 minutes 4,707,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_82e0ZUHhk	ASMR MUKBANG 4kg king king crab, cheese sauce, tartar sauce, chili sauce, eating by 설기양SULGI 6 months ago 15 minutes 9,558,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuySE6259wQ	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy chicken Tteokbokki, Seasoned Chicken, Cheese Kimchi Gimbap, fried food, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 17 minutes 35,337,817 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fCW5p0j0Dg	ASMR MUKBANG Steamed seafood, king crab, scallops, abalone, shrimp, Chinese vermicelli, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 5,522,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Mph6t5K2ZI	ASMR MUKBANG Pork, Spicy Pork, Bossam, Tray Noodle, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 15 minutes 392,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6AhchfeTho	ASMR MUKBANG Jukkumi, chicken feet, corn cheese, steamed egg, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 16 minutes 1,498,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulRY4b4iaN8	ASMR MUKBANG magnum ice cream, white chocolate and cookies, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 2,059,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzrhC4bXmDI	ASMR MUKBANG Kimchi fried rice, cheese fondue, seasoned chicken, sundubu jjigae, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 3,965,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slzsYL2JI-Y	ASMR MUKBANG Soy crab, salmon eel, shrimp jang, abalone, egg jang, hermit eel, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 2,470,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnYEgVoXS3c	ASMR MUKBANG Seafood ramen, scallops, octopus, octopus, abalone, oysters, mussels, shrimp, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 1,169,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMnXG4CBd3k	ASMR MUKBANG Gimbap, Tteokbokki, Shrimp, Squid, Tempura, Ramen, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 15 minutes 2,440,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogAOfYuJR0s	ASMR MUKBANG Meat sashimi, meat sashimi bibimbap, octopus, miso soup, eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 635,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c5dMO5oE-4	ASMR MUKBANG Chicken, Tteokbokki, Cheese Ball, Cola, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 14 minutes 947,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am7tb64rpJc	ASMR MUKBANG Lobster, King Tiger Shrimp, Abalone, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 1,098,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=861nZeiVFs4	ASMR MUKBANG Chapaghetti, Seasoned Chicken, Green Onion Kimchi, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 1,619,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbYqtyuwL0w	ASMR MUKBANG| CHEESY SPICY GIANT RICE CAKE & CORN DOG (RECIPE) TTEOKBOKKI by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 2,089,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_cLbiRZd9Y	ASMR MUKBANG Seafood steamed, King crab, Octopus, Scallop, Abalone, Shrimp, Mussel, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 16 minutes 19,501,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qwz3adsVAWQ	ASMR MUKBANG Chili Chicken, Fondue Tteokbokki, Glutinous Rice Cheese Ball, Gyoza, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 501,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-TAraDzTa0	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy Chicken Sauce Cheese Fondue, Fried Chicken, Cheese Balls, French Fries, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 14 minutes 8,936,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwJXhLS5sLY	ASMR MUKBANG Seafood, Octopus, Salmon, Abalone, Tuna, Oysters, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 987,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brTPDoAMy_Y	ASMR MUKBANG Grilled Seafood, Scallops, Octopus, Lobster Tail, Abalone, Temple, Eating by 설기양SULGI 7 months ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 1,933,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nn6NG7N49MA	ASMR MUKBANG Pork neck kimchi stew, Soy crab, Steak, Eating by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 374,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxZe8t4i9iw	ASMR MUKBANG Cheese Fondue, Spicy Seasoned Chicken, Cheese Balls, French Fries, Eating by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 15 minutes 3,856,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ytVm7TO4KE	ASMR MUKBANG Spicy Octopus, Giblets, Shrimp, King Crab, Eating by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 1,229,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbKcgkEa8K0	ASMR MUKBANG🍣 GIANT SALMON SUSHI & RAW BEFF SUSHI & RAW SHRIMP & OCTOPUS & BEEF BIBIMBAP EATING by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 732,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zt3dUBjlLU	ASMR MUKBANG🍗 SPICY FRIED CHICKEN, TTEOKBOKKI, HASH BROWN, FRENCH FRIES EATING by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 2,218,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TTtj7TKtQI	ASMR MUKBANG🦞🥩 GRILLED SEAFOOD & STEAK (LOBSTER, SCALLOP, ABALONE, SHRIMP, OYSTER) by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 15 minutes 794,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4KPJ7ZH1PA	ASMR MUKBANG🦞| GIANT KING LOBSTER 13lbs EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 5,211,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNIOM4VPxE0	ASMR MUKBANG| 🦀SOY SAUCE MARINATED CRAB, ABALONE, SHRIMP, SALMON (KOREAN POPULAR FOOD) by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 13 minutes, 1 second 2,018,955 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmjv5O6zrNI	ASMR MUKBANG| JELLY NOODLES & GUMMY JELLY & LIPSTICK CANDY EATING by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 16 minutes 1,317,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0O65edEg5M	ASMR MUKBANG| BLACK BEAN NOODLES & SPICY FRIED CHICKEN & RICE CAKES by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 9,529,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pL63LDsvzXI	ASMR MUKBANG🦞| RAW SEAFOOD LOBSTER & OCTOPUS, SQUID, SHRIMP, SALMON & SUSHI by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 2,324,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfsCGc59nis	ASMR MUKBANG🦀| GIANT KING CRAB 10 Pound SEAFOOD EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 5,560,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZyb-ndtoQc	ASMR MUKBANG| BLACK BEAN NOODLES CORN DOG KIMCHI by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 2,030,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on3VZFGPiTs	ASMR MUKBANG🐙| BRAISED SEAFOOD BOIL (KING CRAB,OCTOPUS,SCALLOP,ABALONE,SHRIMP) EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 8,844,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd58g_Wqquw	ASMR MUKBANG🧀| CHEESE CORN DOG, CHEESE BALL, CHEESE FRIED POTATO FIRE NOODLES by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 2,727,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L74NcYKY2mk	ASMR MUKBANG🐙| SEAFOOD STEW(OCTOPUS,SHRIMP,ABALONE,SCALLOP,CLAM,PEN SHELL),SPRING ROLL,NOODLES by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 16 minutes 1,105,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by14Qz9lWm4	ASMR MUKBANG| BEEF TRIPE (INTESTINE), BEEF INTESTINE SOUP, FRIED RICE by 설기양SULGI 8 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 630,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRT2yA5vm9k	ASMR MUKBANG🦀| SOY SAUCE AND SPICY MARINATED CRAB, SHRIMP, ABLAONE MOST POPUALR FOOD IN KOREA by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 3,684,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjGzSD0Sa-0	ASMR MUKBANG| RAW SALMON (SALMON SASHIMI,SALMON NOODLES,MARINATED SALMON,SALMON SUSHI) RECIPE by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 1,564,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkfPCL4mF_A	ASMR MUKBANG🦐| SOY SAUCE MARINATED SHRIMP (RECIPE) POPULAR FOOD IN KOREA by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 754,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bme47npFPks	ASMR MUKBANG| SEAFOOD BLACK BEAN NOODLES AND FRIED CHICKEN (RECIPE) by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 3,535,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spUgT8aH9hM	ASMR MUKBANG| MASSIVE SPICY BRAISED SEAFOOD BOIL (SCALLOP, OCTOPUS, SQUID, ABALONE, SHRIMP, MUSSEL) by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 11,667,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAnZip6ff3A	ASMR MUKBANG| SOY SAUCE CHICKEN AND BEER🍗🍺 CHEESE BALL HOT DOG KOREAN by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 14 minutes 488,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DaI5xJEDd0	ASMR MUKBANG| GIANT RAW OYSTER AND BOILED PORK AND KIMCHI!!! EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 724,939 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXI2aycf9Fk	ASMR MUKBANG🔥| GHOST PEPPER NOODLES VS NUCLEAR FIRE NOODLES CHALLENGE! HOTTEST NOODLES IN THE WORLD by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,431,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osukKu58yR8	ASMR MUKBANG🦐| LET'S EAT RAW SHRIMP!!! EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 2,274,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p83t2PsMGDo	ASMR PAQUI ONE CHIP CHALLENGE🔥| 1,569,300SHU WORLD'S HOTTEST REAPER PEPPER☠️ MUKBANG by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 807,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGRduDoP1B0	ASMR MUKBANG🦐| BRAISED SEAFOOD (SCALLOPS, ABALONE, CRAB, SHRIMP, OYSTER) AND RAMEN SEAFOOD BOIL by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 744,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEeb_mOakNE	ASMR MUKBANG | SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES BIG BITE AND FRIED CHICKEN🍗 (RECIPE) EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 5,152,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPM4CsXScHk	ASMR MUKBANG| LET'S EAT RAW SALMON NOODLES POPULAR IN KOREA!! SALMON SASHIMI EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 2,824,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKvd1hCueFg	ASMR MUKBANG| LET'S MAKE PIZZA!!! SWEET POTATO PIZZA AND PEPPERONI PIZZA (RECIPE) by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 9 minutes, 37 seconds 613,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKeTqU4xJ1w	ASMR MUKBANG| 🦀SPICY BRAISED SEAFOOD AND CRAB! (OCTOPUS, ABALONE, SHRIMP) FRIED RICE WITH CRAB GUTS by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 2,030,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SB47W5y62c	ASMR MUKBANG| WHOLE ROAST CHICKEN AND BEER (USING AIR FRYER) BARBEQUE CHIKEN EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 9 months ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 1,064,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft_28FqTzX0	ASMR MUKBANG🦐| SOY SAUCE MARINATED GIANT SHRIMP!!! (KING TIGER SHRIMP) EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 3,395,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb7VIxZ5-Rg	ASMR MUKBANG🐟| LET'S FILLET GIANT RAW YELLOWTAIL FISH SASHIMI!! FISH STEW, RAW FISH BIBIMBAP!! by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 15 minutes 872,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcEJM7DN1pE	ASMR MUKBANG| SPICY BLACKBEAN NOODLE BIG BITES!! GREEN ONION KIMCHI&CUCUMBER KIMCHI (RECIPE) EATING by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 4,864,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEbpd4pY6ZY	ASMR MUKBANG| LET'S GRILL BEEF, SCALLOP AND MUSHROOM IN MINI BRAZIER (BEEF SUSHI, BEAN PASTE STEW) by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 908,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtCqMtmZIzs	ASMR MUKBANG| SPICY MARINATED RAW CRAB AND RAW SHRIMP EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 2,937,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfRUlXKsayQ	ASMR MUKBANG| GIANT KING CRAB AND CHEESE!!! (RICE) EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 15 minutes 866,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHTfmqsmPT4	ASMR MUKBANG| GIANT SHIRIMP AND SEAFOOD MARA XIANGGUO(SPICY CHINESE NOODLES) MENBOSHA RECIPE by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 325,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCmS9l8JgRM	ASMR MUKBANG| RAW SALMON VS RAW SHIRIMP!!!!! MY FAVORITE SEA FOOD!!!! EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,180,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaF5upDozTk	ASMR MUKBANG| LET'S MAKE KOREAN POPULAR CHICKEN(BBURINKLE) AND CHEESE BALL!! RECIPE by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 1,950,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7aDFCo3Ey4	ASMR MUKBANG| 🦀SOY SAUCE MARINATED CRAB, ABALONE, SHIRIMP, SALMON (KOREAN POPULAR FOOD) by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 15 minutes 12,203,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfcsv_iS0xM	ASMR MUKBANG| RAW OYSTER IN SEASON EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 142,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnNBUOqnjbc	ASMR MUKBANG | CHINESE SPICY HOT POT (MALATANG) RECIPE EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 522,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHhRtvDia4A	ASMR MUKBANG |SPICY SEAFOOD🐙STEAMED POLLACK ROE (ALGONI JJIM) SHIRIMP WEBFOOT OCTOPUS ENOKI MUSHROOM by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,318,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6xgsRpvJ-g	ASMR MUKBANG | RAW OCTOPUS🐙SPICY KOREAN RAMEN EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 275,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTEWgegcCGg	ASMR MUKBANG | MALTESERS CHOCOLATE🍫 FRESH CREAM, CREAM PUFF, CREAM BREAD EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 10 months ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 378,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNL80ManJ4o	ASMR MUKBANG | SPICY SEAFOOD JJAMBBONG (CHINESE STYLE NOODLES) by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 151,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryuAP3suqFQ	ASMR MUKBANG | CHEESE CUTTLET FIRE NOODLES EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 223,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2bjVQaqVRQ	ASMR GIANT SQUID LEG SALMON SASHIMI SALMON STEAK MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 147,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DS41JI8Lpqs	ASMR MUKBANG HOW TO ENJOY CONVENIENCE STORE FOOD(TTEOKBOKKI,CHICKEN,MANGO ICE FLAKE,POTATO SALAD) by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 73,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DUs3hTNlPE	ASMR MUKBANG | BRAISED SEAFOOD🐙(SHIRIMP, ABALONE, OCTOPUS, SMALL OCTOPUS, SCALLOPS) EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,770,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7mVmUbh2d4	ASMR KOREAN KIMCHI BLOOD SAUSAGE SOUP MUKBANG  EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 135,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDjrmppA0hA	ASMR MALATANG🔥 너무 맛있어서 밥도 마라서 마라탕 마라밥 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG REAL EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 314,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTLovm6sBG0	ASMR SALMON🍣  SALMON SASHIMI SALMON SUSHI SALMON FRIED TOFU SUSHI MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 229,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngTsUXQUXGM	SUB)장블랑제리 베스트메뉴 맘모스빵, 초코범벅, 생크림팥빵, 단팥빵, 비스켓슈 리얼사운드 먹방 BREAD MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 135,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPcRtFYa3rs	ASMR MUKBANG | KOREAN SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES RAMEN CUCUMBER AND RADISH KIMCHI by 설기양SULGI 11 months ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 376,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXBvdqkGEQ8	SUB)치즈떡볶이 후라이드 닭다리 치즈소스 리얼사운드 먹방 CHEESE TTEOKBOKKI FRIED CHICKEN LEG CHEESE SAUCE MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 48,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F6Mx_ohaY8	SUB)FIRE NOODLES CORN DOG CHEESE SAUCE FIRE SAUCE MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 253,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrUHbtU_TJk	SUB)ASMR MUKBANG CRISPY SWEET FRIED CHICKEN CHEESE SAUCE RICE BALL BEER EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 52,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzkbD483SGc	SUB)ASMR MUKBANG GRILLED CHEESE AND TTEOKBOKKI CHEESE BALL EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 168,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IezZ92MlEdQ	SUB)닭새우라고 들어보셨새우..? 입천장 다 까진 닭새우튀김 찐 닭새우 리토벨맥주 리얼사운드 먹방 SHIRIMP MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 34,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PejdhZLPQnE	ASMR MUKBANG | KOREAN BLACK BEAN NOODLES SWEET AND SOUR PORK  MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 1,071,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vz0uCGHuGc	SUB)냉장고 탈탈 털어서 비빔밥 해먹기 (마지막 주의) 비빔밥 리얼사운드 먹방 BIBIMBAP MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 65,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoBmRgn9z_4	SUB)편의점에서 내가 먹고 싶은것들 사와서 먹는 영상｜불닭볶음면, 불고기버거, 대패삼겹살김밥, 바나나우유, 눈을감자, 허쉬초코바 먹방 MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 1,201,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AgASqJ2sKU	ENG)여름이 가기전에 시원한 물회와 연어회, 우럭회 먹방!! 리얼사운드 SALMON ROCKFISH SASHIMI COLD RAW FISH SOUP MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 55,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf3q63z4F2I	ENG)찹쌀도너츠 좋아하세요..?? 엽기떡볶이 찹쌀도넛 먹방 리얼사운드 GLUTINOUS DOUGHNUT TTEOKBOKKI MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 187,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4-SW68rSsU	ENG)한우 부채살, 살치살을 돌판에 구워서 쫄면과 먹어봤어요🥩☺️ GRILLED BEEF AND SPICY NOODLES MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 46,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ES9sq12-YtE	ENG)해적닭갈비 치즈추가 우동사리 볶음밥은 필수☺️ 리얼사운드 먹방 Spicy Stir-fried Chicken MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 36,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7QDj7S_Feo	치즈추가한 페퍼로니피자🍕갈릭소스 듬뿍 치즈오븐스파게티 먹방 리얼사운드 ASMR PIZZA SPAGETTI MUKBANG by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 71,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ynujEsbL_o	ENG)치즈 부대찌개 먹방 리얼사운드 SPICY SAUSAGE STEW ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 37,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5WpoiSFSh8	ENG)마라탕 먹방 리얼사운드 MARATANG SPICY HOT POT ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 102,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI7XUMkpfhE	ENG)육회비빔밥 된장찌개 먹방 리얼사운드 BIBIMBAP BEAN PASTE STEW MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes 68,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4Agh6N9sNo	ENG)응급실떡볶이 치즈추가 명랑핫도그 먹방 리얼사운드 CORN DOG AND CHEESE TTEOKBOKKI MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 161,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJFGqLobZ1s	ENG)통연어 먹방 리얼사운드 SALMON サケcá hồi ปลาแซลมอน ikan salem ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 496,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwjY1ITEE34	ENG)블랙타이거새우로 3가지 요리 해먹기🦐 소금구이,버터치즈구이,새우튀김 먹방 리얼사운드 BLACK TIGER SHRIMP ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 40,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WElfczLIPmk	ENG)곱창파티 했어요ㅎㅎ 곱창, 대창구이 먹방 볶음밥까지❤️ 리얼사운드 COW'S TRIPE INTESTINE ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 461,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SBx1jrgGRw	ENG)말복이다!! 전복, 낙지넣은 삼계탕과 막걸리 먹방 리얼사운드(ft.하림 반마리 삼계탕) Seafood Samgyetang ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 21,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noBSaf1Ekss	ENG)입천장 다까진 바삭한 닭강정과 핵불닭볶음면 먹방 리얼사운드 FIRE NOODLE CHICKEN GANGJEONG MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 115,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_Wb4CLfk1U	ENG)야식으로 중국당면넣은 무뼈국물닭발을 국물과 함께 퍼먹어봐요☺️ 주먹밥 계란찜 리얼사운드 먹방 CHICKEN FEET SOUP MUKBANG ASMR by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 457,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybeI93-7cFE	ENG)살이 꽉~찬 등뼈 감자탕 먹방 리얼사운드 ASMR Pork Back-bone Stew 豚の背骨湯 MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 42,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfQ3p309tcY	ASMR FRESH, STRAWBERRY, GREEN TEA CREAM BREAD MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 77,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc3JsObFXV8	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 27 seconds 30,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3O1u8n-dMk	ASMR 목말라서 요즘 핫하다는 공차 여름 신메뉴 전부 사왔습니다. 수박 크러쉬, 자두 크러쉬, 멜론 그린 밀크티, 자두 요거티 스파클링 리얼사운드 리뷰 먹방 by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 101,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4En0kXnEaKA	Steamed Pork Belly Kimchi Mukbang ASMR Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 39,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVgdzxYF5lM	ASMR 밥도둑!! 알이 꽉찬 간장게장, 양념게장 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG CRAB ゲー EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 96,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Lbk4SDjGbg	ASMR 생크림케이크 숟가락으로 마음껏 퍼먹어봤어요^^ 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG FRESH CREAM CAKE EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 116,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3DZn9em_NY	ASMR 설기또연어.. 연어초밥(ft.소스듬뿍)과 시원한 냉모밀 리얼사운드 먹방 サケ Salmon Sushi Cold Buckwheat Noodles MUKBANG by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes 70,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bmxCEUUiLE	(말많은)ASMR 현실친구와 응급실 떡볶이 중상맛, 모듬튀김, 주먹밥 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG Cheese Tteokbokki Fries by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 52,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QuJfLpifeo	ASMR 엽기닭볶음탕 착한맛 우동사리 추가 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG CHICKEN POT STEW EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 75,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xkus86npX3s	ASMR MUKBANG ENVERTE BREAD BUTTER BREAD EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 102,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrTj6E-6X6w	ASMR MUKBANG WATERMELON FRUIT SALAD EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 81,160 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDHFdaUED4k	ASMR 편의점 털었어요♡ 편의점 꿀조합 리얼사운드 먹방 마크정식,존슨빌 핫도그,모찌롤,흑당크림케이크,하숙집샌드위치 MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 41,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_nhhrpuIos	ASMR 한우 곱창전골 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG Beef Tripe Hot Pot もつ鍋 EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 99,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0JvBdTPt10	STEAK AND BEER ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 55,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xo-b7XVJf44	ASMR Soy Sauce Marinated Salmon Mukbang Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 399,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53JeVLCW-y0	ASMR 해장이다♡ 차돌박이 해물짬뽕 리얼사운드 먹방 MUKBANG Jjamppong ちゃんぽん EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 49,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCntBkIekeA	ASMR 오늘은 곱창파티♡ 소곱창 대창 막창구이 리얼사운드 먹방 볶음밥까지 MUKBANG COW INTESTINE ホルモン EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 396,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxl-i4G8-gg	ASMR 녹차덕후들을 위한 녹차탕 먹방~! 베라 그린티 아이스크림,녹차과자 리얼사운드 お茶 Mukbang ASMR Green tea by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 87,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rPtJ3s3sHc	ENG)새까만 햄버거와 치킨??요즘 핫하다는 퀸즈블랙 킹스버거,블랙치킨,오징어링 리얼사운드 먹방 Mukbang ASMR Black Chicken Hamburger Eating by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 41,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNmNh8G6_XA	ENG)푸짐한 조개찜과 조개탕 리얼사운드 먹방 Mukbang ASMR Steamed Clams Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 6 minutes, 4 seconds 41,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIy4B328C6U	ENG)즉석에서 만들어먹는 치즈듬뿍 라볶이, 볶음밥 리얼사운드 먹방 Mukbang ASMR Cheese Ra-boki Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 73,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iC5R87VVapI	ENG)인생빵... 디저트39 크로칸슈, 링고파이,흑당밀크티 리얼사운드 먹방 リンゴ波 Crokansch Ringo Pie MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 91,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijcv2O4CnA4	ENG)요즘 핫하다는 흑당버블티에 펄가득 대용량 먹방~! Mukbang ASMR Black Sugar Bubble Tea Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 396,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pi_iSerxUbs	ENG)여름에는 냉면! 시원한 송주물냉면과 돼지갈비 먹방~! Mukbang ASMR Cool noodles Pork ribs Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 70,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vubaTk1qGls	ENG)대만 삼미식당 대왕연어초밥 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Salmon Sushi サケcá hồi ปลาแซลมอน ikan salem by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes 657,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lk2slDQ4CDw	ENG)자메이카 통다리구이와 치즈볼 먹방~! Mukbang ASMR Rosted Chicken leg and Cheese ball Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 60,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qKa5-XzrfM	ENG)MALTESERS🍫 | 몰티져스 초콜릿 가득 초코탕 먹방~! 리얼사운드 MUKBANG ASMR Maltesers Chocolate Soup by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 113,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS4XDxcCsNc	ENG)된장찌개 제육볶음 당면추가 한식 먹방~! 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Korean food Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 35,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d24ix5oDSY	ENG)밥도둑!! 꼬막장, 가재장, 간장게장 먹방 리얼사운드 MUKBANG ASMR Cockle, Crab, Squilla EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 118,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2A0Asr1ugm8	ENG)육즙 팡팡 바삭한 초벌 엔돌핀삼겹살과 팔도비빔면 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Bibimmyun Porkbelly Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 31,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skAlFAxlY0A	ENG)두툼한 생연어회 소스듬뿍 먹방 리얼사운드 Salmon Mukbang サケ cá hồi ปลาแซลมอน ikan salem ASMR Eating Sound Big Bite by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 882,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9juuOCwpGjA	ENG)뜨끈한 순대국밥과 이남장 폭탄김치 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Sundaeguk Spicy kimchi Eating sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 44,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS9yYclPH60	ENG)떡순이들 모여라~! 청년떡집 인생떡, 녹차크림떡, 티라미수크림떡, 카카오크림떡 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Rice cake Mochi Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 117,193 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxpCshYvPtk	ENG)오돌뼈에 주먹밥 계란찜 야식먹방🔥 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Osteol bone Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 51,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isYSlZfxv1w	ENG)버블티 원없이 먹었습니다.. 공차 버블티 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Bubble Tea Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 106,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EXmkEwY4ow	ENG)콩나물 듬뿍 농심 도토리쫄쫄면과 훈제삼겹살 먹방~! Mukbang ASMR Pork belly Spicy noodle Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 23,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0HPXFZ2EGU	ENG)따뜻한 생크림에 몰티져스 초콜릿 말아먹기~! (ft.차가운 우유도) 몰티져스 리얼사운드 먹방 Mukbang Maltesers ASMR Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 628,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNnI5ZYP36E	ENG)청년다방 차돌떡볶이와 버터갈릭감자튀김 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang Tteokbokki French fries ASMR Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 80,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKuVTCoETp4	ENG)푸짐한 아구찜 먹방~! 알이랑 곤이 추가했어요☺️ with 계란찜 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Steamed Monkfish Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 83,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVPqtF-B1KE	ENG)12개에 5280원?? 크림가득 이마트 트레이더스 생크림크로와상 리얼사운드 먹방 Freshcream Croissant Mukbang ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 56,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1qELXv6uC4	ENG)달달하고 쫀득한 뚱카롱 10개 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Macaron Eating Sound by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 41,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmsaDN50qmQ	ENG)엽떡을 쟁반짜장에 부어 엽기쟁반짜장 통단무지 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Tteokbokki Black Bean Noodles by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 59,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDa7llq64Dk	ENG)엽떡초보맛에 튀김 찍먹 먹방~! 만두튀김 김말이튀김 야채튀김 리얼사운드 MUKBANG ASMR Fried food Tteokbokki EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 60,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzaV9EogC0I	ENG)밥도둑이다~! 깐간장새우장, 양념새우장 파김치랑 김에 싸서 계란후라이 먹방 리얼사운드 ASMR MUKBANG Soy sauce Shrimp EATING by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 60,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o46PE9xu09Y	ENG)치즈와 당면사리 무뼈국물닭발에 닭발튀김 먹방 리얼사운드 Chicken Feet MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 45,954 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VH1DhTPtdew	ENG)역대급으로 바삭한 통삼겹살과 괄도네넴띤 먹방 리얼사운드 ASMR MUKBANG Crispy Whole Pork Belly Spicy Ramen EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 21,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEs34vzkfp4	ENG)당신은 오늘 초밥이 땡긴다 모듬초밥 연어초밥 먹방 리얼사운드 MUKBANG ASMR SUSHI EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 37,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0vwZ17BwgE	구독자 10000명 기념 Q&A 준비했어요♡ (ft.수익공개???!) by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 42,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZqTTG1Syuk	ENG)가격도 크림도 혜자스러운 이마트 트레이더스 쿠키슈 먹방 리얼사운드 Mukbang ASMR Whipped Cream Cookie Choux by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 290,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izZjUEoVnJM	ENG)소곱창, 대창, 막창 곱창구이 감자, 부추, 팽이버섯 먹방 리얼사운드 MUKBANG ASMR Eating intestine by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 94,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHmhViep1Kg	ENG)드디어 드디어... 트러플오일 짜파게티 파김치 먹방 리얼사운드 MUKBANG ASMR BLACK BEAN RAMEN NOODLES EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 29,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcBSs9PSNc	ENG)이 가격이면 갈비를 먹는다는 극한왕갈비치킨을 물냉면과 함께 먹방 Galbi chicken Cool noodle ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 23,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ilmi-sSYk4	ENG)투썸플레이스 아이스박스 케이크 먹방🍰🍰🍰 디저트 먹방 Oreo cake eating ASMR MUKBANG by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 66,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3jm5KsDgoI	ENG)통편육 마약편육 김치송송 비빔국수 금치김치 무말랭이 먹방 리얼사운드 Pyeonyuk and kimchi spicy noodles ASMR EATING by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 22,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf615nof9sk	ENG)빵순이들 모여라~! 파리바게트 찹쌀도넛 종류별로 생크림에 푹찍어서 먹방 꽈배기 꿀도넛 리얼사운드 DONUTS ASMR MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 177,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmW-fgkDxws	ENG)치즈 듬뿍 올린 매콤한 쭈꾸미에 중국당면2 주먹밥 먹방 리얼사운드 Cheese Short arm octopus MUKBANG ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 75,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pChrUob8lm8	ENG)맵단짠 핵불닭볶음면 뿌링클날개 치즈볼 먹방 리얼사운드 Nuclear fire noodles Cheese powder chicken Cheese ball ASMR EATING by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 29,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atJ7_IPH4Cc	ENG)송주불짜장면 실비김치 먹방 리얼사운드 MUKBANG SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES  KIMCHI ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 24,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3x-a44rBh6I	ENG)바다포도 유행 아직 안지났죠..? 바다포도 먹방 리얼사운드 REAL SOUND MUKBANG Sea grapes ASMR EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 20,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9v7BN-RR9c	ENG)밥도둑이다~! 알이 꽉찬 간장게장 양념게장 먹방🦀 리얼사운드 Soy Sauce Crab, Red Seasoned Crab ASMR EATING SOUND MUKBANG by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 374,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQfARlFx5cQ	Fruit mochi asmr MUKBANG EATING SOUND by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 46,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjP1oxbnJRE	ENG)두툼한 연어회와 연어초밥 먹방 녹는다 녹아... 리얼사운드 MUKBANG REAL SOUND EATING SHOW by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 564,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2rwww0WJNg	ENG)응급실떡볶이 치즈추가 중국당면 허니순살 대박.. 리얼사운드 먹방 CHEESE TTEOKBOKKI SOY CHICKEN ASMR EATING SOUND MUKBANG by 설기양SULGI 1 year ago 13 minutes, 57 seconds 276,341 views
