https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa-E3WlQcSE	NORMAN - LES SÉRIES (Netflix, Prime Video...) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 months ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 4,785,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3gKwycKbc4	NORMAN - LE DÉCONFINEMENT by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 months ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 6,746,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MwsoCqjmiY	NORMAN - LE CONFINEMENT 2 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 months ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 6,397,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gW3bmOpFfRc	RESTEZ CHEZ VOUS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 months ago 1 minute, 59 seconds 2,707,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9R1VO9xB0cE	NORMAN - LE CONFINEMENT by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 months ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 7,263,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NcaOgE1umI	NORMAN - UN VLOG PAS COMME LES AUTRES 😷 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 3,774,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxMsdMSA0BE	FAIRE UN RÉGIME (ft Tibo InShape) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 months ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 4,010,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNyFO7RMhmA	NORMAN - LES ANNÉES 2000 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 months ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 8,117,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G3RBOoii2U	LE TALISMAN - ÉPISODE 3 (NORMAN & LUDOVIK) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 months ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 2,436,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpsJKXovlCQ	LE TALISMAN - ÉPISODE 2 (NORMAN & LUDOVIK) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 months ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 2,650,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeFyfbXfSD0	LE TALISMAN - ÉPISODE 1 (NORMAN & LUDOVIK) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 months ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 3,569,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btDyQlFQCew	CETTE VIDÉO EST SUPPRIMABLE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 months ago 3 minutes, 59 seconds 3,293,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIh94iVsbW0	HARRY POTTER ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 months ago 6 minutes, 12 seconds 3,454,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRmR9jrHXg4	MON NOUVEAU SPECTACLE ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 10 months ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 1,509,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc14za6U8sU	NORMAN - L'ÉCOLE DES VAMPIRES (court-métrage) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 11 months ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 5,866,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnFijLHX6TM	NORMAN - KEBAB À 6€ VS KEBAB À 1000€ by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 17 minutes 8,737,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaPNfkKG2NE	BABY ROUTINE - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 5,115,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04tLFJUpmQU	NORMAN - FASHION SENSE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 9,663,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6amOt2VOQ8	MY CAT'S DRIVING A CAR ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 3,345,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4P0sZpSeRI	CAT ON MISSION - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 6,496,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaXTT2RugQo	NORMAN - HAVING A BABY by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 10,960,955 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idDWuIJ-sHE	NORMAN - SPENDING MONEY (BIG BUCKS, BENJAMINS, MOOLA ...) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 6,076,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddPcpM7r_KI	Little car games... (with Natoo) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 7,938,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPoRdpDXdmw	NORMAN - Cooking by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 13,978,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1hkzhiRGKg	I FINALLY DID IT !!! MY FIRST SOLO FORTNITE WIN !!! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 3,884,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PsVQ8TFzcM	CHRISTMAS ACCORDING TO OUR AGES - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 10,906,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UtX6trRfII	NORMAN- A DAY WITH JAMY ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 6,279,602 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cSRDmGn8WI	NORMAN - MY LOOK-ALIKES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 6,052,346 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=757mzqtfSrY	NORMAN - TWITCH! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 5,298,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goZr2xjTlqE	NORMAN - HALLOWEEN 🎃👻 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 7,822,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OxH06FJkEs	Norman- I double the voice of a character for a video game by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 1 year ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 2,655,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IqARGgl2iE	LES AVENTURES HIPSTERS - J'ADORE LE CONCEPT (LE CLIP) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 2,382,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teNNDQ8fT8c	NORMAN - HIPSTER'S ADVENTURES 2 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 4 minutes, 44 seconds 6,738,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKd7rYsXXiM	VLOG À MONTRÉAL - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 3,468,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmzCr3Pehtw	Minefield (Norman ft Jimmy Labeeu) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 5,884,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUFtVAgh9vM	NORMAN - BARBECUES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 11,978,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2eaoYkDqGQ	The Best Gifts For Cats - Norman by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 10,688,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VKtYkF0RBQ	INSIDE A CAT'S HEAD - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 3 minutes, 54 seconds 13,457,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEDBKQYFB4s	NORMAN - THE SONG OF FAUX (Wrong) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 3 minutes, 25 seconds 11,063,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44WiEYFopes	TAKING A PHOTO - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 12,537,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kNGHpHTpH4	1 MOIS AUX USA (BEST OF STORY) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 3,936,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKslyJnXNpQ	Trapped in a storm ⛈ NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 5,889,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBdHUcVXca8	NORMAN - CHRISTMAS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 12,673,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjY86_TFT1o	JE RÉALISE LE RÊVE DE JHON RACHID (NORMAN) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 4,174,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc2pkWWe4Og	ALMOST GROWN UPS EP9 - THE +1 OF HIS LIFE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 7,453,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YdB1q3c2C0	NORMAN - THE RACLETTE ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 18,460,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zHKYmcEe9U	NORMAN - THE 10 MILLION BUG by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 14,485,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4NnCpYKH_Q	GROSSE ANNONCE... by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 1 minute, 42 seconds 3,483,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DrcfEYApMY	WHEN YOU ARE ON THE PHONE - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 14,161,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv2Iffqz65c	STRANGER THINGS PARODY - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 6 minutes, 12 seconds 8,935,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9cya00yjIs	BÊTISIER - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 2 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 7,055,619 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzoTHsEhgZw	YOU IN MY VIDEO ? - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 4,026,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNJ48sQWpMw	NORMAN - SELLERS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 18,878,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gGQPbS036U	I am opening your presents (It nearly all goes wrong) - Norman by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 16,665,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OofH9leYhxY	ALMOST ADULT EP4 - KEEP ITS NIECE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 4 seconds 7,376,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO_M5bBQedI	NORMAN - BE A CH'TI by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 17,893,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsCcQ-9-jIM	Almost Adults 1 - Norman's Dad by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 8,566,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PheVrDBDTL4	Norman Assassin's Creed parody Templar Assasin acoustic version with Mike Kenli and Waxx by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 7,223,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unIB1_mdzc4	THE BEST COUPLE IN HYRULE (making of) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 4,077,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBYUpkCAF-M	NORMAN - GO SHOPPING by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 25,729,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci8HQFF6d5A	NORMAN - ZELDA by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 20,798,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOrffWPE3g8	MY 5 YEAR OLD DOPPELGANGER! (Making of) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 34 seconds 7,277,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmWMdr_Vwj8	NORMAN - THE BEDTIME DOOR by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 13,259,637 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBJx3MK-9zY	FAQ WITH CATS - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 8,809,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tav_Sk7BlZc	NORMAN - Waiters by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 19,040,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjA5WC-iB18	NORMAN - THE 30 YEARS CRISIS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 21,040,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6foH3MFNGjc	NORMAN - TINDER! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 16,159,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow8BD5yr1D4	TRYING AN EXTREME SPORT... by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 4,786,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAlT7R1K2d0	NORMAN - MY NEW CAT by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 17,964,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTGc6ic171I	Imaginary inventions 2 (censored version) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 53 seconds 9,247,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uLgcWA7q3w	LES INVENTIONS IMAGINAIRES 2 (version non censurée) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 14,854,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoghVpWmS8c	JE RECUEILLE UN CHAT À LA SPA - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 9,993,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbKyFJHxz8s	VIVRE SANS PERMIS - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 17,999,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNHYfaBqhhk	Petit LIVE: On customise mon décor 🖍 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS Streamed 3 years ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 2,314,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SpkRZ5yN_I	NORMAN - INSOMNIA by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 19,561,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upxqhd_htzw	REACTIONS TO MY OLDER VIDEOS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 10,906,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N3kGKyda5A	erg by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 20,322,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82HxG1amdxI	I OPEN YOUR LETTERS ! - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 14,132,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0gyKs4lQJU	THE WALKING DEAD (MAKING OF) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 2,792,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHCKAyzUbXI	NORMAN - THE WALKING DEAD by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 16,180,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2e1wyYplkmc	MON SPECTACLE ENFIN EN DVD by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 3,043,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Zk1rqF-Ts	NORMAN - MOMS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 3 years ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 27,168,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKTb8HWGtvw	YOUR QUESTIONS HYPER ANNOYING (FAQ NORMAN) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 13,431,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty_bX0GupMI	NORMAN - NEW YORK ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 9,392,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpnT6YCWRnA	FRIENDZONE MAKING OF (Norman feat Natoo) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 5,374,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b133kSL0rFo	NORMAN feat Natoo - Friendzone by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 27,303,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4fefBIOF8s	NORMAN - BODYBUILDING!! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 20,950,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn2q5_Wd-U8	NORMAN - TECHNIQUES DE DRAGUE 3 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 21,964,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7_JixK3i3o	THE CANNES FESTIVAL by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 9 seconds 5,011,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLkZDD3tvEs	GAMING WITH GIRLS (on Doom) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 6,949,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SwJ0UAaq3Y	NORMAN À DUBAÏ by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 9,395,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4aRIjWMeSU	NORMAN - DATING APPS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 13,411,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqRPplUovQg	SOUTENONS LE SIDACTION by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 1 minute, 15 seconds 4,823,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftPTxpxfCao	NORMAN EN LIVE #1 avec Cyprien, le Woop... (BEST OF) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 19 minutes 2,602,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZcJEvXmjfY	NORMAN - LES PAPAS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 31,002,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSEPuyqRlv8	NORMAN - THE DAYS OF THE WEEK by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 21,797,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HyvPPYl4do	Norman in the moutains by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 7,749,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFCDkoxARCU	NORMAN - IMAGINARY INVENTIONS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 22,095,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7SMc9Qf2wM	NORMAN - NEW YEAR'S EVE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 2 seconds 14,268,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVxQmuQqbHI	The Suscribers' Christmas by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 6 minutes, 17 seconds 4,209,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7KgCe8jSVA	NORMAN- GAMING WITH ... KIDS ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 10,698,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvXQW6l8TnI	NORMAN - ALCOHOL by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 28,085,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7u7T7vTbFZg	MAKING OF - ASSASSIN OF THE TEMPLARS (ASSASSIN DES TEMPLIERS ft Squeezie) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 11,698,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qGAjgUZwsk	TEMPLAR ASSASSIN (Assassin's Creed Music Video) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 4 minutes, 44 seconds 72,902,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLfBwM9IXDI	NORMAN - MA TOURNÉE 2 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 4 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 3,725,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li8XGfdbbHQ	NORMAN - Pokemon for Adults? (Answers to Your Questions # 3) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 16,297,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG5SRDyxAKc	NORMAN - LA JALOUSIE EN COUPLE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 28,393,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4pqM30LdU0	NORMAN - BEST OF n°4 ! (VINE, INSTAGRAM, SNAPCHAT) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 7,598,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxEcDSYjgF8	NORMAN - BEING WHITE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 3 seconds 22,799,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E90kwwfjU7w	NORMAN- GAMING WITH MY FATHER! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 9,456,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgOs7JlFHyQ	NORMAN - MA TOURNÉE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 5,416,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4yJ-Y1cRRA	BONUS "INTERNET OF THE PAST" - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 3,786,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5OicZrhkHg	NORMAN - INTERNET IN THE OLDEN DAYS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 24,382,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdnA1fYFwNY	NORMAN - DEALING WITH EXES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 5 minutes 27,897,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg1yMaUoYjU	Norman answers your questions, 2! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 15,361,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3L6xaZdp7A	NORMAN - DOCTORS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 26,391,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T31PJFxXes	BÊTISIER - LES TECHNIQUES DE DRAGUE 2 ! (NORMAN) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 3 minutes, 41 seconds 5,730,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPN3kDZCggI	NORMAN - HOW TO PICK UP A GIRL by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 32,627,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKzhNZGG1AM	NORMAN - CHRISTMAS PRESENTS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 17,842,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z0tE1deFyg	NORMAN - ASSHOLE CATCHPHRASES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 11 seconds 21,203,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-sVXw5TrXY	NORMAN - BEST OF INSTAGRAM, VINE, SNAPCHAT 3 ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 5 years ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 10,765,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4meBtXVMjj8	BONUS - LUIGI BASHES  MARIO by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 7,508,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmI2ohiU8l4	DRAW MY LIFE - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 6 minutes, 4 seconds 32,305,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go2CRLtSKOo	NORMAN - LA GRÈCE (et ses clichés) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 59 seconds 10,155,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiuB2-LlGJY	NORMAN À LOS ANGELES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 6 minutes, 41 seconds 9,880,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWHDlsvw34I	MUSCULAR DUDES - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 56 seconds 29,436,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ3EP7MTenw	NORMAN RÉPOND À VOS QUESTIONS ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 13,123,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2ShHhuyZcc	NORMAN - ANNOYING FRIENDS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 20,213,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsaT2T-ZRjM	NORMAN - BEST OF INSTAGRAM ET VINE 2 ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 8,489,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4Pm5_0V9TA	NORMAN - LE PREMIER RENCARD by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 21,911,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYVW0I-NnDc	NORMAN - LES AVENTURES HIPSTERS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 17,854,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyDJviiHxgE	PETIT BONUS - COMMENT DESSINER UN LOUP FACILEMENT (NORMAN) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 1 minute, 13 seconds 6,853,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IqvO5Ny8Qw	NORMAN - LES TECHNIQUES DE DRAGUE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 29,576,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt-LbzrS2lI	ADDICTED TO YOUR SMARTPHONE? - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 5 minutes 23,652,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP7aP67qQjQ	LUIGI BASHES MARIO by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 15 seconds 84,548,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yHn8uc5_-4	THE BATHROOM - Norman by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 34,931,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj-k-hD1D34	NORMAN - LES 3 FRÈRES DEVIENNENT 4 by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 7,341,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1p59sgBxck	NORMAN - BEST OF INSTAGRAM by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 10,915,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzcw_cmB5-c	BIRTHDAYS - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 23,632,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4StN9B39Hg	NORMAN - 3 MILLIONS D'ABONNÉS ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 6,835,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZXBVLGocDc	FAMILY DINNERS - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 6 years ago 4 minutes, 18 seconds 27,988,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWRC1oklSDI	10 HOT GUY ATTITUDES - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 28,469,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQO2Opzvyeg	OWNING A CAT - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 3 minutes, 43 seconds 36,577,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nNizt6fZ84	NORMAN À HAWAï by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 6,319,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pprz7dCCAfg	NORMAN À TOKYO by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 6 minutes, 27 seconds 8,749,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHMeLjz2RlA	NORMAN EN ISLANDE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 10,275,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azf4-bnaRI0	NORMAN - LES CIGARETTES ÉLECTRONIQUES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 20,595,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MykKRdl9WU	NORMAN - 2 MILLIONS D'ABONNÉS ! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 1 minute, 38 seconds 7,033,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuGo_oAg5RM	NORMAN - LE PHYSIQUE DES GENS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 26,444,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJzmyJbFQp8	BONUS # NORMAN RENCONTRE M.CHAT by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 5,037,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxXhwaZewlQ	NORMAN - COMMENT GAGNER 10000€ PAR SECONDE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 3 minutes, 12 seconds 13,721,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVwbxp1FyiE	NORMAN - TOP 13 DES PIRES EXPRESSIONS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 21,733,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G__utFMuR6I	TAKING THE PLANE - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 21,681,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_jByE6Cxv8	NORMAN - LES FAUTES D'ORTHOGRAPHE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 3 minutes, 17 seconds 20,133,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4jm1RI9eVM	NORMAN - MON PREMIER RÔLE AU CINÉMA (Pas très normales activités) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 8,954,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFeOBlUgJLc	NORMAN - LA MASTURBATION by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 7 years ago 3 minutes, 29 seconds 21,372,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViFuFJf5jSc	NORMAN - LES COMMENTAIRES YOUTUBE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 3 minutes, 25 seconds 15,213,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nk4yD0HkCOk	NORMAN - LES SERIAL MYTHOS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 2 minutes, 52 seconds 16,132,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWZiL2liTrM	NORMAN - LA CRISE DES 25 ANS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 23,608,480 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_knhik03g4I	NORMAN - LES TUE L'AMOUR by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 20,875,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEowloiQaME	NORMAN - LA POLITIQUE POUR LES NULS by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 9,400,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHQCvSbHW-k	APPLE ADDICTS - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 23,828,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IV-56wObElQ	NORMAN - TOP 8 DES RELOUS EN SOIRÉES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 20,129,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyRQio7GfLU	NORMAN - ÉCRIRE UNE LETTRE (FEAT ORELSAN) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 3 minutes, 45 seconds 13,334,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMcf2-Ld1yg	NOW, I HAVE GOOGLE (Music Video) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 8 years ago 2 minutes, 23 seconds 27,617,513 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4nhSIVcC_o	NORMAN - LES CHEMISES !! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 7 seconds 15,917,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXai-A4i6vk	NORMAN - MEUFS = OVNI by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 17,049,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DfUhImcl3w	NORMAN - PETIT BEST OF DES VACANCES by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 24 seconds 8,650,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lny87Zp-rmg	NORMAN - NOUS, LES IMBERBES (EN 3D) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 24 seconds 10,188,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmLwSnqoeSA	NORMAN - LE CODE DE LA ROUTE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 34 seconds 17,893,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVP6T4qZIVk	ADULT WEBSITES - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 24,586,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl_DnrwFoAE	SHY GUYS - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 2 minutes, 57 seconds 19,533,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64g79Sg03DA	NORMAN - L'ETE C'EST SEXY by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 2 minutes, 55 seconds 13,761,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vx2wWwJy2-o	NORMAN - LA VIRILITE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 19 seconds 20,910,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nWDgRFURNQ	NORMAN - LE RETARD by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 13,835,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_N4DMW5NWsE	BILINGUAL PEOPLE - NORMAN by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 38 seconds 15,062,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4_aCN4nmHk	NORMAN - DEVENIR UN ADULTE by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 12,339,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMHlyPQZ6d8	JE DETESTE LE SHOPPING !! by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 18 seconds 8,341,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1lxIhvMXsM	COMMENT NETTOYER UN FATBOY by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 2 minutes, 30 seconds 3,253,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDFRhDVSWNQ	CHAT DANS TOILETTES (AMAZING !) by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 1 minute, 45 seconds 4,067,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Lf_0Q9hdkw	NORMAN - LES PIRATES DE FACEBOOK by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 2 minutes, 8 seconds 10,021,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCok-26KrHA	NORMAN - LE CLUB DE PING PONG by NORMAN FAIT DES VIDÉOS 9 years ago 3 minutes, 34 seconds 10,742,789 views
