https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t0Z4_yYvng	LA JOURN√âE DE LA FATIGUE by Sulivan Gwed 2 days ago 15 minutes 106,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtGlTe-woMo	SOIR√âE PYJAMA AVEC MAYADORABLE (tr√®s chipie) by Sulivan Gwed 1 week ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 185,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUiCsDt_9-Q	ON D√âCOUVRE MES ORIGINES PENDANT QU'IL ME MAQUILLE ! (ft. Sparkdise) by Sulivan Gwed 4 months ago 7 minutes, 40 seconds 270,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=or_zZYExbVg	JE ME SUIS D√âCOLOR√â LES SOURCILS (Au Secours!!) by Sulivan Gwed 4 months ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 257,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4O77u4Xt6I	MOI QUI RACONTE MA VIE, ALORS QUE PERSONNE ME L'A DEMAND√â by Sulivan Gwed 6 months ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 259,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prlkCD9yJCQ	JE F√äTE NO√ãL SEUL. by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 303,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Qq7KKhUOhg	M√âNAGE VIBES ! by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 133,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bazI-xipqU	ON TUE DES YOUTUBERS (avec Jules, Ben et Bilal) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 512,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKqkAiMJbpU	PLAYLIST SP√âCIAL NO√ãL ! by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 102,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSohfv7k6_w	STORYTIME : MON INTOXICATION ALIMENTAIRE je huuuurle by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 18 minutes 136,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35tl94IWH8o	CE QUI DOIT DISPARAITRE EN 2020 by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 271,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QmNq_tURgg	LA V√âRIT√â SUR NOUS (avec Anthonin et Gloria) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 16 minutes 274,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wLOtdZUFto	JOURN√âE PLAGE ENTRE COPAINS by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 182,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuVVu1wrRgk	HOUSE TOUR ! (mdrrr) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 222,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nVHddFyY-g	IL FAUT QUE J'ARR√äTE.. by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 199,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_UncxOox9k	ON D√âMENAGE √Ä LOS ANGELES ! (avec Anthonin, Gloria, Edward) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 222,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PwkqzVsjrU	QUIZZ HARRY POTTER (oui je m'ennuie) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 80,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dz8zHVrEMow	JE RETROUVE MA MEILLEURE COPINE POUR QUELQUES HEURES by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 150,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWUoV5V1Csw	JOURN√âE SHOPPING √Ä LONDRES (ma carte est bloqu√©e) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 213,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EQKk0iVNfg	TOUS EN VACANCES ! by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 222,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2Ww3cz8mvo	ON FAIT UN PICNIC EN D√âCEMBRE MDRR by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 20 minutes 191,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEckJ5ksaak	ON LUI A FAIT UN ANNIVERSAIRE SURPRISE ! (La voisine p√®te un c√¢ble) by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 160,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ss1jU8gTMg	VOS PIRES MENSONGES by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 351,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEEbSLRx8Wc	SWAP DE NO√ãLüéÅ avec BEN HERBEZ ! by Sulivan Gwed 9 months ago 15 minutes 498,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Euncw13NXTk	ON RETOURNE AÃÄ L'EÃÅCOLE w/ Mayadorable by Sulivan Gwed 10 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 526,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1A9p3f4z54	ON S'√âCLATE √Ä LA LAVERIE by Sulivan Gwed 10 months ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 134,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8sEirl1dUg	BILAL NOUS FAIT UNE SURPRISE ! (Concert de Ang√®le) by Sulivan Gwed 10 months ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 172,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=netk4c64gRI	CHIT CHAT MAKE-UP : R√©solutions, Amiti√©, Projets.. by Sulivan Gwed 10 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 178,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWpoYwYpUMA	JE SUIS ANGOISS√â ! by Sulivan Gwed 10 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 133,322 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp81ZrZrxOg	FRIENDSHIP by Sulivan Gwed 11 months ago 9 minutes 212,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0mv5ppkWds	bravo les rageux, vous avez gagneÃÅ. by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 5 minutes, 45 seconds 519,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIJrOgKwFIM	ENCORE UNE NUIT BLANCHE.. by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 231,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9MNPwcZiJM	MES ANECDOTES SCOLAIRES by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 325,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j9ZM0pmy1c	24H DANS MA BAIGNOIRE by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 360,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwlnPYgTf4M	MA VEÃÅRITABLE MORNING ROUTINE  - SPEÃÅCIALE RENTREÃÅE by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 285,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZY1U_taAbE	MY SCHOOL JOURNEY (Messy AF) by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 350,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZiyLvWwVOk	LES VACANCES DE L'ABUS (Storytime) by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 456,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DzWooQdwOs	ACTION OU VEÃÅRITEÃÅ ft. L√©na Situations, Sparkdise by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 780,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQqsvq5FC00	MON PARCOURS CAPILLAIRE (omg) by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 282,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cpJmzLIju4	SOIR√âE PYJAMA (Kimberly et Samantha) by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 380,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxjR_nVSNrQ	L'EÃÅVOLUTION DE MON STYLE by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 373,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xpuUkLukoY	BALADE EN VOITURE avec Sundy Jules & Anthonin by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 353,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLOCe0EpZSs	MON MISEÃÅRABLE PARCOURS AMOUREUX ! by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 724,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1K7jocqcfPs	Ask Panda Moqueur ! by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 290,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOLRAUsusyE	1 SEMAINE AVEC DES MARQUES QUE JE NE PORTE JAMAIS ! by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 377,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohp7nycZNjU	D√âGUSTATION √Ä L'AVEUGLE ft. Paola Lct by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 9 minutes, 45 seconds 522,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJAceG4tPXI	UNE JOURNEÃÅE DANS MA VIE (mes amis me deÃÅtestent) by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 801,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5zv_lamlkw	LA PIRE SEMAINE DE MA VIE by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 333,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uVY9R3xHWE	MES AMIS REÃÅAGISSENT AÃÄ VOS PREÃÅJUGEÃÅS SUR MOI by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 1,230,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRP3FGbcRgc	JE QUITTE LA TEAM L.A ? by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 621,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWn7P2oZybw	MON MEILLEUR AMI ME CONNAIT-IL VRAIMENT? by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 229,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSixzredyiM	SUIS-JE EN COUPLE? Ask by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 6 minutes, 14 seconds 281,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmaDRWg8HxM	OUVREZ CETTE VID√âO EN 2030 ! by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 311,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKlJHKsjcJo	CE QUE JE VOUS AI CACH√â by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 403,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luBmm4ZnEM8	COSTUMES HALLOWEEN DERNIEÃÄRE MINUTE by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 256,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DBcidUVAl0	j'ai rateÃÅ mon bac... by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 6 minutes, 8 seconds 509,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgZ8yOTVcgU	UN COUPLE PARMI NOUS ? by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 1,235,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCTVrHmbbWo	LA CHANSON QUI.. by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 452,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8EfF9aHrpU	SPICY NOODLES CHALLENGEüî• by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 802,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXU899AVBtw	I finally assume .. by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 1,041,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm-K5yqfV2A	REAL OR FAKE FRIENDS? ft. Jules & Clara by Sulivan Gwed 1 year ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 640,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slLmGK65rm8	PLAYLIST ANIMOJI by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 317,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv8kA8zkoBU	SKIN CARE ROUTINE by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 15 minutes 276,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOz22HLUW6g	how to survivre school by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 170,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCx0ttAxYOM	DEVINE LA PARTIE DU CORPS ft. Anthonin by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 200,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JRIO8TM-Zw	MA NUIT BLANCHE by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 641,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbl7Avqr9LA	HAULüí∏ by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 472,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uhDXLYZf5o	JE BR√õLE MA CUISINE EN LIVE! (vlog) by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 470,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tax58_qVpKg	StoryTime : MY FIRST PARTY by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 560,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdORfl7ec-M	JE PIEÃÄGE MES ABONNEÃÅS by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 15 minutes 924,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFcJos-69vE	R√âPONSE AUX MEÃÅCHANTS COMMENTAIRES EN ASMR! by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 4 minutes, 4 seconds 323,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYH6orYE5iU	une journeÃÅe dans ma peau by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 1 minute, 46 seconds 220,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYYnai0bprQ	REVEALING IT ALL (Shames, Secrets..) w/ Bilal Hassani & SparkDise by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 1,055,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkIEEbLv7b0	j'ai ras√© mes cheveux.. by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 3 minutes, 36 seconds 701,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zxs3Xtg_S0	SWAP w/SUNDY JULES by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 1,205,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoOxWO3JvgA	MUKBANG by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 713,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWhLQhvWytQ	ne vous lissez jamais les cheveux!! by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 775,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-8TvMBtWs0	j‚Äôessaie de me maquiller comme sananas by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 532,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DhI2ckHR2E	JE D√âVOILE MON INSTAGRAM PRIVEÃÅ by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 363,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cOEv0Rj75o	PLAYLIST (tr√®s g√™nant) by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 372,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwWRAyMN7pI	FAITS BIZARRES SUR MOI by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 373,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MMFiTgZJ-E	... by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 25 minutes 886,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XhPFzI7L40	Public school vs School at home by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 866,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bfl2bxWcT0	WE JOIN OUR FRIEND IN USA BY SURPRISE by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 399,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iroZdVthTso	WHAT'S ON MY IPHONE X by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 546,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z0TQ-VAW0Q	TEST DE L'AMITIEÃÅ AVEC BANDES √âPILATOIRES! by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 1,027,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDjpYBBZyiw	LE YOUTUBER QUE JE DEÃÅTESTE? (DRAMA) by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 538,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR0RYqtUFwc	PIZZA!!!üòç (COOKING WITH SULI w/Anthonin) by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 412,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6cB2apX2NA	REACTING TO MY SNAPCHAT MEMORIES by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 572,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kw7VcOK3Q4	DEÃÅGUSTATION DE GAÃÇTEAUX BIZARRES w/Jules by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 451,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JhHWHYdq4A	R√âACTION √Ä MES VID√âOS COLLAB by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 356,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrFwUYeBiHQ	A PLAYLIST AGAIN? *AWKWARD* by Sulivan Gwed 2 years ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 424,321 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbNh4z0jQ7I	ce que je pense aÃÄ la rentreÃÅe by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 805,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kqHeE5vovY	mon premier cover by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 825,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t044vGPaxEE	if my life was a tv show by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 53 seconds 518,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwlg3eRv1u0	je quitte le lyceÃÅe.. by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 1,442,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZIqdK_KC9k	imagine if sulivan.. #2 by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 2 minutes, 59 seconds 969,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdb89DTOd5E	EXTREME SLIME XXL (CHALLENGE) by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 1,526,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGXJZ7aHees	CONCOURS DIY! w/Sundy Jules by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 1,051,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eOwzBLpzf8	MY NEW KITTEN by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 837,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LO9UQCVhS8	JE ME SUIS FAIT VOLER MON TEÃÅLEÃÅPHONE! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 614,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri-f-2Frsss	ON S'EST FAIT PIPI DESSUS! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 695,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I72oSZj_RaQ	J'AI RE√áU UN COLIS MYST√àRE by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 477,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3K4d89qzWo	SLEEP by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 7 seconds 478,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSHKuZga9rk	I HAVE MY OWN SERIES! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 424,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5gSmnNhDyM	TOO OLD FOR YOUTUBE? by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 5 minutes, 32 seconds 387,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCgmKBGOW3U	A VIDEO WITH MY FAMILY?! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 576,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj5Iw0V8hms	REENACTING MY OLD THUMBNAILS! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 597,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odQ3f5BPsWk	JE SUIS POSSEÃÅDEÃÅ (PLAYLIST) - SULIVAN GWED by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 562,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhWNzMyHXIA	I READ MY HOROSCOPE - SULIVAN GWED by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 345,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwNRUhvSlBI	MON TALENT CACHEÃÅ?! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 464,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXlt_Nacaes	TRY NOT TO SING (IMPOSSIBLE) - SULIVAN GWED by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 2,198,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0xZ-9PGUr4	MY FOLLOWERS TEASE MEüò°üò≠ by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 729,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akV10D7IYmY	ON AVOUE TOUT! w/ Gloria & Anthonin by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 9 minutes, 27 seconds 1,187,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Giotus1bOA	JE VOUS PREÃÅSENTE MES ANIMAUX! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 1,392,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccJAsG_eyBc	MY LIFE WAS A LIE... by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 9 minutes, 52 seconds 1,008,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MgfPRYRZI8	ESSAYEZ DE NE PAS RIRE! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 3 minutes, 42 seconds 220,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwuEGjtc7mM	I'LL STAY SINGLE FOREVER by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 5 minutes, 22 seconds 805,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jiw2b8zpWTI	WE COULD HAVE BEEN ARRESTED BC OF THIS VIDEO w/ Anthonin by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 866,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq9IUm5PLVU	ASK QUI A ENCORE MAL TOURN√â by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 758,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GQwPXQjPgs	LECTURE DE FANFICTIONS by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 631,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tSW7Y8AU0o	J'AI ESSAY√â DE FAIRE UN G√ÇTEAU.. (COOKING WITH SULI) by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 1,994,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33kQxjOFYpU	REÃÅACTION AUX MEÃÅCHANTS COMMENTAIRES by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 1,329,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1uEZc_0eD4	HE WAS THE WORST TEACHER EVER! by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 710,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8ZZdg_RBOg	TYPES DE COMMENTAIRES SUR INSTAGRAM by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 586,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fs4T00oP6VU	I ALMOST BURNT DOWN MY HOUSE by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 875,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt4ijlh0sDs	10 THINGS TO DO WHEN YOU'RE HOME ALONE by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 4 minutes, 2 seconds 994,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXUvPJGlaX0	20 CHOSES QUE J'AIME AUX USA by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 605,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JENpEDRUEJ4	JE SAIS PARLER PLEIN DE LANGUES by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 1,055,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_WpyTlST4M	IL FALLAIT QUE JE VOUS EN PARLE... by Sulivan Gwed 3 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 930,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXmlEryazVY	THOUGHTS WHILE I CLEAN MY ROOM by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 1,574,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Gj1IibHEx0	I FOUGHT SOMEONE FOR A GIRL I Story Time by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 2,210,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoMRsTEkT5E	I HATE SCHOOL, AND I GOT A MILLION SUBSCRIBERS. by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 2,067,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASS78yzhfDA	DEVINE CETTE C√âL√âBRIT√â W/LUKE KORNS by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 1,781,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkEGU2VUDB4	Dear Resolutions,, by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 1,779,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNYolPQxIf0	FACETIME AVEC DES ABONNEÃÅS! by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 1,356,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql0pBod1DQY	THE WORST CHRISTMAS OF MY LIFE! by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 6 minutes, 41 seconds 1,466,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnB57MgLPO4	MA PLUS GROSSE PEUR by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 1,655,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1VZ5tpP-oU	Je Suis Insociable by Sulivan Gwed 4 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 1,601,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmD9dIq14qE	SI J'EÃÅTAIS DANS UN FILM by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 1,989,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3e7J11X6Ok	WHAT I THINK ABOUT WHEN I CAN'T SLEEP by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 2 minutes, 58 seconds 3,056,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQKduYQ-XCo	CES PETITES CHOSES QUI RENDENT HEUREUX! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 1,611,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RB655aBZ38	VACANCES D'√âT√â : ATTENTES VS R√âALIT√â by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 4 minutes, 5 seconds 1,993,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg1wEL2gVYg	I'VE BROKE MY PHONE... by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 4 minutes, 15 seconds 2,793,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGc_-0dZthU	COMMENT √äTRE MOCHE? / PhotoBooth Challenge by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 2,006,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wj-b6iH8EE	I WILL NEVER BEEN 90 YEARS by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 1,489,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfSO6NfoSAA	Imagine if Sulivan.... by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 4 minutes, 9 seconds 2,431,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLbRaj6SeJ8	SIRI M'INSULTE! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 4,445,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp22M3Kw14c	What's On My Phone? by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 1,072,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZitYyW0Pt8	CE QUE LES YOUTUBERS NE DISENT JAMAIS w/ Anthonin by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 3 minutes, 40 seconds 865,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt-8O7iA-AA	What To Do When You Are Bored? by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 4 minutes, 3 seconds 3,755,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq_f-trg_WU	Je Quitte Youtube? [#AskPandaMoqueur¬∞10] by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 1,162,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCrAFReOOdw	100 Questions Que Personne Ne Pose I TAG by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 1,244,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slloh8Lp6T0	Pourquoi Je Suis Toujours En Retard ? by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 3 minutes, 13 seconds 1,236,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvf8XWQudbs	J'ai Un Crush Sur Beyonc√© ! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 9 minutes, 48 seconds 881,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYRMrArha5k	"J'AI PEUR DE FAIRE DES VID√âOS." by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 692,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C83rxOg1LDE	Je Vous Ai Bien Eus ! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 1,008,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfYnGVh7_iE	JE SUIS ARIANA GRANDE! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 1,847,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKZrOtZnOyg	Room Tour ! ‚òÅ by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 708,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-mswnzJKhI	Type De Viners by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 5 minutes, 34 seconds 474,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXEljIqVteU	Pourquoi Un Panda Moqueur ? - (TMI Tag) by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 1,069,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fX3y-5lYl4	Canular TeÃÅlephonique by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 1,373,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKxhwoDoskY	Des Gens Bizarres Sont Sur OMEGLE ! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 3 minutes, 6 seconds 754,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGwvnBDI9hU	MY FIRST TIME by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 3 minutes, 45 seconds 944,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QqMtzd5aPk	Kill Me Tag ! by Sulivan Gwed 5 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 404,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFEJqmvyjFI	10 Choses A Ne Pas Faire Sur Les ReÃÅseaux Sociaux ! by Sulivan Gwed 6 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 1,290,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BH-TauzWbI	√äTRE PETIT by Sulivan Gwed 6 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 2,383,643 views
