https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2tmvp_bWzI	ADOLESCENTI di IERI VS ADOLESCENTI di OGGI | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 days ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 212,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SntQvaU__rg	EX ON THE BEACH CELEBRITY: IL PROGRAMMA PIÙ INDECENTE DEL MONDO! w/ Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 3 days ago 29 minutes 293,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNHrTERswc0	I PERSONAGGI PIÙ ASSURDI DEL WEB #31| Awed & Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 6 days ago 22 minutes 303,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrxLiZZWOx0	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #22: LA PUNTATA PEGGIORE DEL MONDO! w/Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 1 week ago 23 minutes 435,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSOr-qVpfpA	SCRIVO a 500 CELEBRITÀ SU INSTAGRAM..MI HANNO RISPOSTO! by Awed ™ 2 weeks ago 21 minutes 594,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClGo2s6mTAc	N4KED ATTRACTI0N #2: UN EPISODIO SCIOCCANTE! by Awed ™ 4 weeks ago 19 minutes 302,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egPDDyVep1U	Non ne posso più scusate.. by Awed ™ 1 month ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 720,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZz1YsiDYNU	PUBBLICITÀ GIAPPONESI ASSURDE #2: TUTTO QUESTO NON HA SENSO w/Amedeo Preziosi by Awed ™ 1 month ago 18 minutes 332,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqh1fZRr-d8	NAKED ATTRACTION: IL PROGRAMMA PIÙ OSCENO DI SEMPRE! by Awed ™ 1 month ago 19 minutes 689,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wprmxkuDGEE	MALATTIE IMBARAZZANTI: IL PROGRAMMA PIÙ INDECENTE AL MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 month ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 630,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd92xLK2Ch0	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #21: LA PUNTATA PIÙ FOLLE DI SEMPRE! by Awed ™ 2 months ago 15 minutes 464,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c39wWsfVH8	IL PICCOLO LUCIO A PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO! L'EPISODIO PIÙ ASSURDO DI TUTTI #4 by Awed ™ 2 months ago 20 minutes 636,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9zGtw_Cfco	CAMBIO MOGLIE: IL PROGRAMMA PIÙ FOLLE DI SEMPRE! by Awed ™ 2 months ago 23 minutes 762,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEEcaVNYwMY	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #20: L'ESSERE UMANO PIÙ STUPIDO AL MONDO! by Awed ™ 3 months ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 449,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlII8hcZK70	HAI MAI HOT con gli AMEDOSEPACIELLO by Awed ™ 3 months ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 389,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc5LcVJItXc	SURRY a PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO! EPISODIO INCREDIBILE #3 by Awed ™ 3 months ago 23 minutes 635,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVEWruAJuPg	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #19: LA PUNTATA PIU' ASSURDA DI TUTTE w/ IPants by Awed ™ 3 months ago 32 minutes 816,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwFfBTDBwoo	PUBBLICITÀ GIAPPONESI ASSURDE | Amedeo Preziosi IMPAZZISCE! *imbarazzante* by Awed ™ 3 months ago 19 minutes 640,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9dpCtHixTw	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #18: I CASI UMANI PIÙ ASSURDI DEL MONDO! by Awed ™ 3 months ago 26 minutes 817,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXY_NlF8umc	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #17: NON VOGLIO CREDERE A CIÒ CHE HO VISTO! by Awed ™ 3 months ago 26 minutes 848,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KjFdduA1Gk	IO E LA MIA OSSESSIONE #11: LE 3 PERSONE PIÙ STRANE AL MONDO! by Awed ™ 4 months ago 16 minutes 622,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qWSKm2i9v8	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #16: LA PUNTATA PIÙ BELLA DI TUTTE! by Awed ™ 4 months ago 29 minutes 1,011,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzGxg2pWPbY	IO E LA MIA OSSESSIONE #10: L'UOMO più STUPIDO al MONDO! by Awed ™ 4 months ago 16 minutes 924,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xs28F_2OcMI	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #15: LA FAMIGLIA più IMBARAZZANTE del MONDO! by Awed ™ 5 months ago 17 minutes 794,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBzALZ-OHY4	EX ON THE BEACH 2:  Il FINALE più IGNORANTE di SEMPRE! (episodio 8 e 9) by Awed ™ 5 months ago 20 minutes 941,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzjcn2ZKs5U	EX ON THE BEACH 2: LA PUNTATA più ASSURDA del PROGRAMMA (episodio 7) by Awed ™ 5 months ago 15 minutes 821,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NkV3O9wzPY	EX ON THE BEACH 2: L'IGNORANZA NON HA FINE! (Episodio 5 e 6) by Awed ™ 6 months ago 20 minutes 1,068,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYIjBgPqpfE	EX ON THE BEACH 2: NON C'È LIMITE AL TRASH! (Episodio 4) by Awed ™ 6 months ago 18 minutes 1,189,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqp74gDZZzA	EX ON THE BEACH 2: DISAGIO A NON FINIRE ! (Episodio 3) by Awed ™ 6 months ago 17 minutes 1,580,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgTE7okaAwc	EX ON THE BEACH 2: LA PUNTATA più TRASH di SEMPRE! (Episodio 2) by Awed ™ 6 months ago 16 minutes 1,656,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfeFIbzoGLQ	REAGISCO al PROGRAMMA più IMBARAZZANTE di tutti i TEMPI! | Awed by Awed ™ 7 months ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 427,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tF24lsaS8AQ	EX ON THE BEACH 2: IL PROGRAMMA più ASSURDO di SEMPRE! by Awed ™ 7 months ago 18 minutes 1,279,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqUrjQWTG9I	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE #6: BACI e LIMONI A NON FINIRE! (Finale assurdo) by Awed ™ 7 months ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 922,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1kRXkB007A	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE #5: L'EPISODIO più TRASH del PROGRAMMA! w/Matt & Bise by Awed ™ 7 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 676,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46tBDyfRIf8	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE #4: UN'IGNORANZA MAI VISTA PRIMA! w/Roberryc e Amedeo Preziosi by Awed ™ 8 months ago 14 minutes, 48 seconds 1,613,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pedykdX59oU	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE #3: UN EPISODIO SURREALE! by Awed ™ 8 months ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 610,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6XFbmW6fag	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE #2: DISAGIO ed IMBARAZZO a NON FINIRE! by Awed ™ 8 months ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 1,025,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSjqiDESmRM	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE: IL PROGRAMMA più TRASH del MONDO! by Awed ™ 8 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 1,266,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CENdHqDkaU	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #14: I FIDANZATI PEGGIORI del MONDO! by Awed ™ 9 months ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 998,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-SIdiLhTpw	I MIEI FAN CONTROLLANO la MIA VITA per 24h! Awed by Awed ™ 9 months ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 265,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYTrSqUf95s	MALATI DI PULITO #3: L'EPISODIO più SCHIFOSO di SEMPRE! by Awed ™ 9 months ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 712,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpGK9hGbA0A	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #13: L'EPISODIO più TRISTE del MONDO! by Awed ™ 9 months ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 842,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dlb9ki0w7a8	AMEDEO PREZIOSI PERDE la "DIGNITÀ" a DUBAI! *imbarazzante* by Awed ™ 9 months ago 14 minutes, 1 second 369,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=045LlDHie9s	IL COLLEGIO 4: UN FINALE INASPETTATO! w/Amedeo Preziosi (EPISODIO 6) by Awed ™ 10 months ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 1,159,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf0RpOJhiys	IL COLLEGIO 4: L'EPISODIO più STUPIDO di SEMPRE! w/Amedeo Preziosi by Awed ™ 10 months ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 1,412,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJWxG_ag0QA	IL COLLEGIO 4: IGNORANZA a NON FINIRE! w/Amedeo Preziosi & Riccardo Dose (EPISODIO 4) by Awed ™ 10 months ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 2,035,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dc-i42lKGk	IL COLLEGIO 4: UN DISASTRO DIETRO L'ALTRO! w/ Amedeo Preziosi (EPISODIO 3) by Awed ™ 10 months ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 1,932,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5tp0DhlS8Q	IL COLLEGIO 4: UN DISAGIO MAI VISTO PRIMA! w/Amedeo Preziosi (EPISODIO 2) by Awed ™ 11 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 2,202,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49EYg-nIJuQ	IL COLLEGIO 4: UN EPISODIO SURREALE! w/Amedeo Preziosi & Roberryc by Awed ™ 11 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 3,726,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhX9uNjXxQY	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAGISCO ai PROVINI PIU' ASSURDI DEL MONDO! #2 by Awed ™ 11 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 935,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUNk5ZCLVjs	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAGISCO ai PROVINI! (imbarazzante) by Awed ™ 11 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 1,358,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkEnkin2Fy0	PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO #2: DUE INCONTRI FALLIMENTARI ! by Awed ™ 11 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 529,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khCO9AdObZY	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #9: L'UOMO SPOSATO con una BAMBOLA w/ Amedeo Preziosi by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 1,078,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqmS6XmLeB8	PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO: Le COPPIE più IMBARAZZANTI del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 827,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuaESm_0snA	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #12: La MAMMA più CATTIVA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 978,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Df4HnNv3b0	MI FINGO una RAGAZZA sui SOCIAL per 24 ORE ! Ecco cosa è successo... by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 459,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KpuumrGhOs	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #8: La DONNA che MANGIA solo MASCHERE! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 608,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8bEMBmdbj4	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #11: Le VACANZE più TRISTI del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 1,346,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vG_jzJSuiEw	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #7: L'OSSESSIONE più ASSURDA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 777,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVBF-GchloE	MALATI DI PULITO #2: L'EPISODIO più ASSURDO del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 827,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hafEVgmsVbk	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #10: Il TRUFFATORE più STUPIDO del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 1,287,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKeKjbfIYV4	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #6: L'EPISODIO più STUPIDO in ASSOLUTO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 1,025,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQxbzcJtbHk	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #9: L'EPISODIO più SURREALE del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 2,095,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-trVxBwLQ-8	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #5: La DONNA che MANGIA solo MATTONI! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 1,161,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfX6MX4n63M	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #8: La MAMMA più ASSURDA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 1,386,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RmWjYrRAts	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #4: La DONNA con le UNGHIE PIU' LUNGHE DEL MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 986,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1TZeBDXkc0	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #7: L'EPISODIO più ASSURDO in ASSOLUTO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 19 minutes 2,832,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aB4a0G2TAwk	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #6: Il PADRE PEGGIORE del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 1,370,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsHinFRMbos	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #3: La DONNA che MANGIA MATERASSI! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 1,102,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8e3qCXQhCw	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #5: La RAGAZZA più CATTIVA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 1,594,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYo22VPKVYM	IL CASTELLO delle CERIMONIE: Il MATRIMONIO più ASSURDO del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 664,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag0Ejys3jUc	MALATI DI PULITO: La DONNA più SPORCA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 1,133,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv_5yzPNlrc	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #4: Gli SPOSI più TIRCHI del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 1,325,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xQSJpK19Ig	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE #2: L'UOMO FIDANZATO con la sua AUTO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 1,202,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vG31Wu864vI	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #3: L'UOMO più PARANOICO del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 1,405,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlSzbxFP-uI	IO e la MIA OSSESSIONE: La DONNA più STRANA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 1,035,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcB5h4c8nC8	MALATI DI RISPARMIO #2: L'UOMO più DISGUSTOSO del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 1,619,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgVt8aHyQbU	REAGISCO alla NUOVA CANZONE DI FOLLETTINA CREATION ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 1 year ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 1,179,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nALdceJxQs	MALATI DI RISPARMIO: La MADRE più TIRCHIA del MONDO! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,726,352 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cJAFi7SsjA	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! i Video più STUPIDI del WEB by Awed ™ 1 year ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 840,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymajwc6ULG0	BAMBINI vs IMMIGRATI: Gli effetti del razzismo sui Bambini by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 369,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VcwWyoEMCU	VIAGGIARE CON AME DOSE PACIELLO! - La Vacanza by Awed ™ 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 3,675,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCNyvGLFXpU	"COSA VUOI FARE DA GRANDE?" - L'ho chiesto ai Bambini! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 574,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZz3apj-9kk	IL COLLEGIO 3: LA FINE DI TUTTO ! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 896,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8-IOewS7S0	IL COLLEGIO 3: IL MEGLIO DEL PEGGIO ! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 1,682,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHymBM6mfCw	I BAMBINI REAGISCONO ai TRAPPER ITALIANI ! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 1,338,679 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anmyeZX8w8Q	"CHE COS'È L'AMORE?" - L'ho chiesto ai Bambini! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 1,631,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRWZnozkV_M	LE NOTE DISCIPLINARI PIU' ASSURDE DEL MONDO! | Awed by Awed ™ 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 773,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5-pDc7VdLQ	VI PRESENTO IL MIO EX FIDANZATO.. by Awed ™ 1 year ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 360,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w78RtTO0kQM	PROVA A NON RIDERE CHALLENGE ! FREDDURE IGNORANTI edition by Awed ™ 1 year ago 4 minutes, 5 seconds 398,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJsEOSgNEJc	LE NOTE DISCIPLINARI PIU' STUPIDE DI SEMPRE | Awed™ by Awed ™ 1 year ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 1,235,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqjrin8jWvA	NORD vs SUD : SITUAZIONI in AUTO by Awed ™ 1 year ago 3 minutes, 41 seconds 1,028,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wg-wmBsrHYc	NORD VS SUD - SCIOGLILINGUA CHALLENGE by Awed ™ 1 year ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 309,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8R0NIjf1cg	AWED vs SCUOLA: PROF. di MATEMATICA BASTA! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 1 minute, 6 seconds 228,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzStL6n-s5E	Le DOMANDE di uno STUDENTE al COMPAGNO DI BANCO by Awed ™ 1 year ago 2 minutes, 24 seconds 321,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loTOQSDmEJo	Awed guarda per UN'ORA canzoni NEOMELODICHE TRASH! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 230,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJGrOLGXCb4	NORD VS SUD - DIALETTI CHALLENGE ! by Awed ™ 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 918,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neJPxv0vhAg	L'INTERVISTA CATTIVA con Amedeo Preziosi & Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 1 year ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 723,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01YOZJKVdlM	SUSHI VS SUD - Le Difficoltà di un TERRONE al GIAPPONESE by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 41 seconds 357,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ7zvCbErS0	NORD vs SUD - Le Differenze A SCUOLA by Awed ™ 2 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 678,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqsrUAtoH24	Le DOMANDE degli STUDENTI ai PROFESSORI by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 26 seconds 699,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBYTSd8oNJA	Le DOMANDE di un RAGAZZO alle RAGAZZE ITALIANE by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 21 seconds 507,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlJXYONz4ro	NORD vs SUD - Il DIALETTO by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 690,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvrHt0Hqk4A	Le DOMANDE del SUD a quelli del NORD by Awed ™ 2 years ago 2 minutes, 51 seconds 712,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doH0owg552M	Le DOMANDE di un FIGLIO alle MAMME ITALIANE by Awed ™ 2 years ago 2 minutes, 30 seconds 557,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOWF98lpXy4	NORD VS SUD - Le Differenze IN AUTO | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 50 seconds 1,767,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSQddDkFmfE	Prendo alla LETTERA le "BELLE" parole dei fan | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 16 seconds 584,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXSAocHnBgM	LO SMONTO COME I MOBILI DI IKEA | Temptation Island by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 614,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Xq8UkQm1RU	IL MEGLIO DEL PEGGIO DI TEMPTATION ISLAND | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 590,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D69oB4-ZKI0	DISSING Biondo vs Dose & TEMPTATION ISLAND 2018 | PACIELLO SHOW by Awed ™ 2 years ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 260,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ne31yhybw5k	Ex fidanzate, Hater & "Hit Estive" | PACIELLO SHOW by Awed ™ 2 years ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 163,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyC-UqSBs2I	PROVA A NON RIDERE CHALLENGE | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 226,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycYAaytw8I8	HO ANCHE DEI DIFETTI! i Peggiori INSULTI degli Haters! by Awed ™ 2 years ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 431,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1W3oE2zsMA	LA GENTE REAGISCE a YOUNG SIGNORINO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 360,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JFI9YSixmo	OBBLIGO o VERITA' HOT EDITION | Amedeo Preziosi, Riccardo Dose & Awed by Awed ™ 2 years ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 937,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7Wh4D0FJqI	Scappare all'ESTERO senza avvisare NESSUNO! - 100 COSE DA FARE PRIMA DI MORIRE by Awed ™ 2 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 241,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5AmkSvjY7g	I TORMENTONI NEOMELODICI PIU' TRASH DEL MONDO ! Awed­™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 479,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA7bIXNqYBg	AMEDEO PREZIOSI REAGISCE A YOUNG SIGNORINO | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 2,703,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlDkV6ERYs0	ME LO ESCONO IN CHAT | Messaggi ASSURDI che ricevo in DIRECT ! by Awed ™ 2 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 346,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekwQV-6vcLc	A 15 ANNI sono stato VITTIMA di CYBERBULLISMO by Awed ™ 2 years ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 241,783 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTJY26VxEN0	LIKE DISLIKE di Antony Di Francesco NON MI PIACE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 338,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNb5ZVE7IYM	I MESSAGGI VOCALI NAPOLETANI più ASSURDI del MONDO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 43 seconds 298,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7ofSpZ9UpU	LEGGO I MESSAGGI IN DIRECT di GIULIA PENNA | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 944,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9g9WtnSxAXk	COME RIMORCHIARE RAGAZZE in CHAT ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 229,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-wxeYrZ2mU	VIAGGIARE con AME DOSE PACIELLO 2 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 2 seconds 846,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSi7Z95yxCI	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Barzellette YOUTUBE ITALIA EDITION | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 3,933,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-Lu5brf7lg	HO CHIAMATO ENRICO PASQUALE PRATTICO' ! [Video Assurdo!] | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 391,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfPafp7BMfE	LE PEGGIORI CANZONI TRAP fatte dai BAMBINI ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 1,395,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp6UxU6yaCQ	MA CHE NE SANNO I 2000! feat Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 412,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vF3o1jeBrQ	SCAMBIARE I CELLULARI ! Cos'hanno gli Youtuber nella CRONOLOGIA ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 1,314,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8ZDeVZ5xMU	I PREDICIOTTESIMI più ASSURDI del WEB ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 6 minutes 623,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q45fL9nO81c	SFOGHI DI UNA VITA COMPLICATA .. | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 1 minute, 53 seconds 208,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7p8w4MlTho	INTERVISTA TRIPLA - Awed e Matt & Bise by Awed ™ 2 years ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 1,920,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JgC0LPo41E	IL DISAGIO delle Canzoni NEOMELODICHE DEI BAMBINI | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 1,428,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Tswbh6uKcU	DRAW MY LIFE | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 1,494,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hxL14jnCgA	FACCIO COMING OUT.. by Awed ™ 2 years ago 2 minutes, 2 seconds 707,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDaTe9DURK8	I PEGGIORI INSULTI degli HATERS di RICCARDO DOSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 716,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPG_pBG23kE	TRA ME E LUDOVICA E' FINITA.. by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 1,842,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISHEn2jfrB4	10 KG DI PIZZA -  AME vs DOSE vs AWED by Awed ™ 2 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 1,503,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNZR77TyDTs	INTERVISTA DOPPIA - AWED & FUMAGALLI by Awed ™ 2 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 3,408,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqQFmq9hoCU	INTERVISTA DOPPIA - AWED & RICCARDO DOSE by Awed ™ 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 1,138,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_Yv-R-A5uA	INTERVISTA DOPPIA con la mia Ragazza | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,565,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b86Q32183-Y	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #24 | Che ci fa! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 413,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llPB6D98KkY	LA COMPLICATA MENTALITA' FEMMINILE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 2 minutes, 23 seconds 292,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJWOftsT3Ck	ODIO I PROFILI PRIVATI SU INSTAGRAM! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 256,346 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22_sHfnHuPk	PROVA A NON RIDERE con Amedeo Preziosi & Riccardo Dose | Awed™ by Awed ™ 2 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 1,191,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZASn4fnpu6c	LE RISPOSTE PIU' FOLLI AI COMPITI IN CLASSE! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 1,041,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX73gfqWvSk	INTERVISTA TRIPLA | Tutto ciò che NON AVETE VISTO / Awed,Amedeo Preziosi & Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 1,049,808 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttE5Xx-L8PE	COSA HO APPENA VISTO.. by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 265,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPPqw-NGcSM	LE PERSONE PIU' STUPIDE del MONDO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 251,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RUKOOmPCvc	GIANNI MORANDI SPUNTA A SORPRESA ad un MIO EVENTO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 361,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDGBWz_CqD0	TIPI DI PERSONE su WHATSAPP | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 477,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asmrN0iNsv4	LA MIA RAGAZZA IMPAZZISCE ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 423,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TM90tHLEOY	INTERVISTA TRIPLA con Awed , Amedeo Preziosi & Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 7,783,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDVMXNnTB9k	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #23 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 488,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cprWkBozo1g	LE PEGGIORI PARODIE di SCUSATE PER IL DISAGIO | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 2,829,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eazouI4w3JE	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! The Floor is Lava Challenge EPIC FAIL Compilation | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 922,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-sZya_zlSQ	IL DISAGIO di ANDREA SANTIN | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 631,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7z81MgtQt4	L'IMBARAZZANTE PASSATO DI RICCARDO DOSE | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 791,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iErAqqglZr4	SCUSATE PER IL DISAGIO ! i PEGGIORI INSULTI degli HATERS | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 1,264,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4-PPKNpw3k	HANNO SCOPERTO IL MIO NUMERO DI TELEFONO.. | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,349,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI46DTMavmc	IL PASSATO OSCURO di AMEDEO PREZIOSI | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 918,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00VHBazoimg	I POST PIU' ASSURDI degli ESAMI DI STATO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 673,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao9uqQhmvoc	LA CANZONE DI SALUTA ANDONIO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 999,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REsZdgYbssw	RISPONDERE A DOMANDE PICCANTI SUL SESSO! w/ Amedeo Preziosi - Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,197,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Gr49TYjZWI	AMEDEO PREZIOSI LASCIA LA SUA RAGAZZA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 2,006,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofM0WcO4E2M	IL RITORNO DI CANAZZO • Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 609,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl-cDXwOHTA	SORPRESA A LUDOVICA ! ANDIAMO AD AMSTERDAM • Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 563,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoTO3KW0crc	TRICK O PENITENZA! FIDGET SPINNER - Shokky Bandz | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 127,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbAHQ2M_hIE	Fabio Rovazzi (feat. Gianni Morandi) - Volare | LE REAZIONI DEL WEB ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 534,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1ASUA_UtHk	IL PERSONAGGIO PIU' TRASH DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 391,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfjDYf_lZaI	LE RISPOSTE PIU' STUPIDE AI COMPITI IN CLASSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,451,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gffV0l4Erwc	I FINTI RAPPER DELLA NUOVA GENERAZIONE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 28 seconds 862,724 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0u6zAEJDCw	ENRICO PAPI - MOOSECA ! LE REAZIONI DEL WEB ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 26 seconds 380,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLeu8rxsyWM	LE NOTE SCOLASTICHE PIU' ASSURDE DEL MONDO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 1,372,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QHvNAJXWIo	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Ogni risata una CARAMELLA SCHIFOSA | Riskia il Gusto Challenge by Awed ™ 3 years ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 932,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-V7Zdp6ODY	LE RISPOSTE PIU' ASSURDE AI COMPITI IN CLASSE! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 2,236,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nk6SmsYFNaQ	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB - DARK POLO GANG ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 449,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhtTSXqEJPs	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Ogni risata PENITENZA con Skifidol Fluffy Slime ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 657,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5YU0Q6Uk4M	I PEGGIORI INSULTI DEGLI HATERS DI GIULIA PENNA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 1,297,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFIWgwrJ6y8	TROLLARE YOUTUBER AMERICANI AD AMSTERDAM ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 164,140 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBZNYaqNuTs	REAZIONE AI MIEI STESSI VIDEO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 331,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5rsHgAtMZQ	PROVA A NON RIDERE : I MIGLIORI MOMENTI DI Awed e Riccardo Dose ! by Awed ™ 3 years ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 623,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_EHiwLVyfg	REAZIONE AI PEGGIORI MUSICAL.LY DEL WEB ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,168,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_GDYl9SWek	HATERS IN ITALIA vs OCCIDENTALI'S KARMA ! Reazione PARODIA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,778,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3Jdgv1KrnE	ANDRESTI A LETTO CON UNA PERSONA PIU' GRANDE? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 1,073,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUCc7_eWapU	REAZIONE AI VIDEO DI CiccioGamer89 - Kappalicious & Alberico De Giglio! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 728,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6wUpR6D9KM	IL MITO DI SALUTA ANDONIO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 580,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3-Ny1YYk8k	REAGIRE ALLE CANZONI NEOMELODICHE DEI BAMBINI ! | w/ Anima&Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 1,265,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NL7rQ0GPsI	HO SMERDATO UN HATER CON IL SUO STESSO VIDEO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 923,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJ-aiSZnbro	LA BOMBI O LA PASSI vs SE CANTI O BALLI PERDI ! (99,98% IMPOSSIBILE!) | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 841,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQW94iykjOI	LA CANZONE PIU' EPICA DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 832,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRDaLtGNz70	SEI MAI STATO A LETTO CON UNA LESBICA? | w/ Amedeo Preziosi - Riccardo Dose |Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 2,685,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JHx-rZc3BI	GRETA MENCHI A SANREMO ! LE REAZIONI DEL WEB ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 670,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idownsmOOH8	LA BOLLA DI SLIME PIÙ GRANDE AL MONDO! | Gummy Slime Superstar | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 254,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeEC1va-hgc	LA DARK POLO GANG ! LE REAZIONI DEL WEB ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 753,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82jAatqhMgc	FAQ SCOMODE VESTITO DA UNICORNO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 186,548 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7OUf5qTFYc	LA CANZONE PIU' EPICA DI SEMPRE ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 497,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3szAOlzO1js	GIRLFRIEND TAG || Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 1,712,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unUi3_jv8-c	HO SCRITTO UN LIBRO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 101,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z5_gT7j8GE	NON HO MAI con Klaus ! | Riskia il Gusto Challenge | Awed ™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 339,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rULoRnobalk	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #14 | Bambini e #Selfie ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 411,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LbzgX4aUH0	SONO SCAPPATO DI CASA | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 315,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc4LbCNwa8A	A VIENNA CON LUDOVICA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 676,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgLFI5N9lm8	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Compilation Vine più ASSURDI del Web! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 407,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clEBtqbCS6k	BUNGEE JUMPING ESTREMO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 2,274,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MHxYWkavOo	LA COSA PIU' TRASH DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 494,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zixQ-XbpQ4M	TUTTO MOLTO INTERESSANTE - Fabio Rovazzi - LA PARODIA DELLE PARODIE ! by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 959,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml8I9a9__qk	LA CANZONE PIU' ASSURDA DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 847,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz4y1-qJ3w4	SOCIALFACE E' UNA MERDA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 892,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSyCv7pDk_o	FAR SENTIRE IN COLPA ANNA TATANGELO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 743,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix2euGt3H70	A VENEZIA CON LUDOVICA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 654,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrwGph1mxbs	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #12 | Il Mito Di SHARON! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 809,291 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9SFvO_Ks2A	UN NATALE AL SUD - Tutto ciò che Non Avete Visto! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 979,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FzDahcERrQ	GLI SCHERZI TELEFONICI PIÙ DIVERTENTI DI SEMPRE | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 385,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjPnZCVO4Gk	IL MIO PRIMO FILM! - "Un Natale Al Sud" | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 262,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0KcnysgmYA	VI PRESENTO LUDOVICA.. | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 1,692,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysNkjdS2l5M	LA CANZONE PIU' BELLA DI SEMPRE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 1,280,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIy2asx8v3A	IL BOSS DELLE CERIMONIE ! | Il Peggio dei Matrimoni Napoletani | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 696,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGXqWa52w4Q	COME ESSERE TUMBLR ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 894,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQxCWUC4zkU	DOMANDE STRANE A CUI NON DOVEVO RISPONDERE.. by Awed ™ 3 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 346,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rsTrzb6ghM	LA MIA POSIZIONE PREFERITA A LETTO? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 310,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_kyBczGgkA	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #10 Il peggio dell'Internet ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 511,161 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REO1XRX8jo8	SIAMO DUE BRUTTE PERSONE.. | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 1,861,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhWPCkBS35g	OGNI ERRORE UN SEGRETO IMBARAZZANTE! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 3 years ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 1,044,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WPL0uyh2JY	PEN PINEAPPLE APPLE PEN ! [Extreme Edition] by Awed ™ 3 years ago 42 seconds 607,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3StFyqq_PA	SMOOTHIE CHALLENGE ! | w/ St3pny Anima & Vegas | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 32 seconds 253,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzIrsbvaPDU	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO ! #7 [Episodio Finale] | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 233,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqNket6GmXw	COOKIE ATTACK CHALLENGE ! w/ Greta Menchi & Mates | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 455,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbSYQmvnAws	BOYFRIEND TAG || Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 1,071,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcrJevZqnnA	IL DISAGIO DI AWED E ROSALBA by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 31 seconds 630,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcG9X-AECh0	TWISTER CHALLENGE ! w/Anima,Stepny & Vegas | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 784,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGlLbmDbyc8	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #16 Alla ricerca dell'italiano perduto! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 451,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_k2xbCzs24	DRESS UP CHALLENGE w/Greta Menchi & Mates | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 649,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EsSw-w1xd4	HAI MAI FATTO UNA COSA A TRE ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 2,176,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7UjkPzX4bI	REAZIONE AI VECCHI VIDEO DI RICCARDO DOSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 808,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvMQpPx2WGg	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #9 Andiamo a Comandare ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 786,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDBWvNtwJAM	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Top Viral Epic Fail Video COMPILATION! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 657,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgYc2ypZnjY	PENELOPE CRUZ MI HA RISPOSTO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 564,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLR-AWv1dPQ	ABBIAMO TROVATO IL SOSIA DI DOSE & LA MYSTERY MACHINE! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 294,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUOrqcLoUgY	MI MASTURBO GUARDANDO I VIDEO DI AWED ! | InSegreto HOT EDITION by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 564,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_I9_xb88lkE	I DOSIELLO SI SPOSERANNO ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 317,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0Pv8HMgtiE	SMETTO DI FARE VIDEO SU FACEBOOK... | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 229,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qykWrFKNuOI	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #8 Pari a Tre | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 848,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVVqDf4bMaU	10 COSE STRANE E INQUIETANTI SU POKEMON GO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 272,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28PPASszX70	HAI MAI BACIATO UNA YOUTUBER ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 236,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b1Q-zFnljo	ANDIAMO A COMANDARE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 290,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rReLnDmMWKo	LA MIA YOUTUBER PREFERITA ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 279,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mid4llCAMMc	SERIE TV E FILM SULLA GENTE ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 242,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vPLaIzfVMI	FABRI FIBRA REAGISCE AL MIO VIDEO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 2,323,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZPZmsN-h-g	VIDEO INCREDIBILI DAL WEB! #2 - I Veri Fashion Blogger | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 496,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGxwMCBRmW8	HO LA "R" MOSCIA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 3 minutes, 3 seconds 385,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y978x_O_LQ8	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #7 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 925,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyAA3h6aAos	FABRI FIBRA SULLA GENTE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 1,566,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xQwDBmyLa8	A PARIGI CON GRETA MENCHI ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 844,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cP59ChcDek	COLPISCI IL BARATTOLO CHALLENGE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 451,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20BMwde6mgw	RISPONDERE A 50 DOMANDE SENZA SENSO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 1,334,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iVBZsIZ2KU	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER con PENITENZE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 419,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIOhm5Qgso4	PROBLEMI DA RAGAZZO - LE DONNE | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 470,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQrtKLrCJ3M	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Best Epic Fail COMPILATION ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 2,410,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUjwDhgkbiM	VLOG DI MERDA & DOSE SEMPRE NUDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 743,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx1X0_L8fhQ	FACEBOOK STAR VS GAMER | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 532,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7JFLEPiY9s	HO FATTO UNO SCHERZO TELEFONICO A RICCARDO DOSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 353,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzqkPEEE-pg	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #15 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 323,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNqFAh6-uKA	TUTTO CIO' CHE NON SAI SU PEPPA PIG ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 3 minutes, 17 seconds 567,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqWjruKiWHs	AWED VS ANTONY DI FRANCESCO by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 871,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64XDv93rSCg	NUDI PER STRADA !? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 844,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5cj9kQ61og	YOGA CHALLENGE EPICA CON LA MIA RAGAZZA !? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 776,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7Zj0B6MF9c	SIMONE PACIELLO TI AMO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 379,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICUFG82qpxQ	VIDEO INCREDIBILI DAL WEB! - Bimbiminkia alla Riscossa ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 844,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohg6KT27GHE	IMPORTUNARE I LONDINESI ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 375,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnfrjGL9CR4	TROLLARE I LONDINESI CON FRASI NO SENSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 2 minutes, 44 seconds 278,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pXeG7tH4r8	LA MIA RAGAZZA IDEALE  | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 214,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKgUehnt8mE	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #14 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 339,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4K005qyINM	CHI SA RIDERE E' PADRONE DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 184,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fg97Iuw7vk	SURRY IMPAZZISCE E MI AGGREDISCE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 390,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJXND3E7BBE	PERCHE' "ODIO" I BAMBINI AFRICANI ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 343,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGvQO6ceCWI	HAI MAI FATTO SESSO CON LA RAGAZZA DI UN TUO AMICO ?! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 379,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A1LpSyhuUw	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #6 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 39 seconds 1,050,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5PBt1EJY9o	COME FARE UN SELFIE PERFETTO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 314,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYUms_8MArM	LA NUOVA MASCOTTE DEL CANALE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 176,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh_OIiMdJG0	SONO USCITO CON UNA FAN !? Panico con i Mates ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 571,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qu1ML2mwWzs	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! Video INCREDIBILI dal Web! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 2,655,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lLwRttsYm8	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #13 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 432,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9p_Ygu7djP8	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #5 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 946,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTxukHLzvAI	COME DIVENTARE RICCHI ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 322,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQ3QExdFcY4	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #12 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 378,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrfLHrmGBlE	LA SERIE PIU' CATTIVA DEL WEB ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 352,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ50LYF_o10	DOMANDE IMPOSSIBILI DA RISPONDERE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 28 seconds 396,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hngSuYt7M	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #4 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 1,134,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xid7TlDYtA	RIMORCHIARE RAGAZZE - BACIO UNA MILF ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 1,889,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=almp_SVv5_g	5 COSE CHE ODIO DI SNAPCHAT ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 423,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2feW7OeGnzA	ABBIAMO PICCHIATO LA RAGAZZA DI DOSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 1,029,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xYPrsauRrY	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #11 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 407,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEWgjNqY7nI	HO CHIAMATO ARIANA GRANDE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 2,501,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmGl4kJiUIQ	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #3 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 7 seconds 1,186,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGub3tEYc6w	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO! [OFFICIAL SONG] by Awed ™ 4 years ago 3 minutes, 21 seconds 1,002,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VZaVbKNRrg	IGNORANZA CHALLENGE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes 219,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FIqpFfwMYU	IL MIO PRIMO BACIO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 574,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1kLkZMe-Xw	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #10 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 414,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72YpEBYbgxE	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB! #2 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 1,877,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIOaPzL_XLc	SONO UNA MERDA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 280,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41QWpXUIu_g	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #9 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 608,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulJR8g3O7nI	HO BACIATO RICCARDO DOSE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 668,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1L6Xb5WjhNw	I PERSONAGGI PIU' ASSURDI DEL WEB ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 2,314,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQvr7jmCL5w	MI HANNO TRASFORMATO IN UNA DONNA ! | feat  Me contro Te by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 432,808 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqL09v9o-HM	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #8 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 369,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTWbMdnnEJE	SONO FIDANZATO ? | #AskAwed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 31 seconds 553,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyS_joXneYM	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #7 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 9 minutes, 34 seconds 495,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox4TJVNbpYs	PROVA A NON RIDERE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 2,144,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfNH5qPwBL4	SE FOSSI SIMONE PACIELLO COSA FARESTI ? | Feat Me contro te by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 1,845,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxCmsXDGUtE	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #6 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 272,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TT-u7kebLE	LA MIA PRIMA VOLTA SUL RED CARPET ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 315,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpQJ_QfHM6k	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #5 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 296,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvGV6q3V_ts	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO ! #6 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 271,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5lEkWSq-ro	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE! #4 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 319,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQkBbE2Dppw	MISS ITALIA 2015: I MIGLIORI INSULTI ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 3 minutes, 51 seconds 420,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiiqZFISQZk	LA CANZONE MENO ETEROSESSUALE DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 14 seconds 1,293,480 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1rYplZjRew	GIANNI MORANDI VS MAGALLI - AKINATOR | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 226,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F70urO8LqTQ	24 ORE SENZA SOCIAL NETWORK ! #LifeTherapyDay by Awed ™ 5 years ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 401,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MChXXcqq8qQ	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! #3 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 311,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5jn8Xc59IU	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO! #5 [Speciale 100k ISCRITTI ] by Awed ™ 5 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 340,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ia1szvlbj8	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE! #2 | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 407,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOAiYzXFLPM	COME ESSERE SWAG | Feat Alberico De Giglio by Awed ™ 5 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 713,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbRtQ2XLJZ4	LA CANZONE PIU' BELLA DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 1 second 3,748,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KetrMsp-IFY	GIANNI MORANDI MI HA RISPOSTO ?!  | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 504,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_lM19UD3f8	GENERAZIONE RIBELLE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 425,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG2X_cpQvL4	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO! #3 by Awed ™ 5 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 220,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlBemIk-NUI	COME DIVENTARE FAMOSO SU YOUTUBE ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 236,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk4JQ7aw2g4	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO ! #2 by Awed ™ 5 years ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 268,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7b1docuHPs	LA NUOVA GENERAZIONE ! Feat Riccardo Dose by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 30 seconds 656,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aj2ROSniG8	GIANNI MORANDI TI AMO ! by Awed ™ 5 years ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 326,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-F2lCuEUP4	IL NUOVO FAVIJ ! by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 47 seconds 755,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KscQF1bXoto	LA BARZELLETTA PIU' DIVERTENTE DEL MONDO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 51 seconds 342,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYp0Wuq8T8w	IL FUMO UCCIDE ? | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 24 seconds 676,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSskbRt3Pfg	VI FACCIO VEDERE LE MIE MUTANDE | #AskAwed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 264,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTjxukPs_oA	LA BAMBINA PIU' CORAGGIOSA DEL MONDO ! by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 1,834,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg_V2W1PnYI	IL TORMENTONE DELL'ESTATE 2016 ! by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 1 second 954,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcyiRJdexdg	LA DONNA PIU' SEXY DEL MONDO ! by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 58 seconds 520,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKE3OTZe1mg	ABBIAMO VOMITATO TUTTO ! Riskia il Gusto Challenge | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 359,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6SdCF_mV9g	JESSICA TE QUIERO - Canazzo | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 302,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gw0nAzyh6w	TUTORIAL COME FARE BEATBOX ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 9 seconds 634,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTpt_DDqYJ0	COME SUCCHIARE UNA BANANA ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 709,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVQSnakmzMU	COME DARE UN BACIO CON LA LINGUA ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 1,401,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJzKnkiUYlM	COME PERDERE LA VERGINITA' by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 56 seconds 744,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeCwnaM8bMY	COME FARE UN OCCHIOLINO | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 19 seconds 791,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSHOeiTVPIQ	IL MIGLIOR BEATBOXER DEL MONDO ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 18 seconds 805,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89OjUeM2kYo	CHE LAVORO FACCIO ? | #AskAwed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 202,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EURMwWkZa0	I NUOVI ONE DIRECTION ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 34 seconds 1,340,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8Ae_VHmF1I	LE DOMANDE PIU' ASSURDE DEL MONDO! | #AskAwed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 329,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eij4DnNHjn8	LA CANZONE PIU' PERVERSA DEL MONDO | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 11 seconds 2,109,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRespL5CLsg	IL FIGLIO DI CANAZZO ! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 47 seconds 935,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJXHUXPl5P4	Lady Canazza (Santina) - Canazzo ti amo | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 30 seconds 662,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_br4Dt866cY	L'UOMO PIU' PUZZOLENTE DEL MONDO! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 21 seconds 690,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9ME_w-7PLs	IL RITORNO DI ENRICO PASQUALE PRATTICO' | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 54 seconds 418,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S41-o6ucTRA	FRANCESCO SOLE MI HA CAMBIATO LA VITA | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 600,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ6Bgh8TDD8	LA MAMMA DI ENRICO PASQUALE PRATTICO'! Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 31 seconds 490,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fcry9JH2D7Q	ENRICO PASQUALE PRATTICO' | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 7 seconds 604,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGzL1lIj_Qw	Canazzo - Valentina mi ha tradito |Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 1 second 521,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-5YLQIK2MU	LA SORELLA DI ENRICO PASQUALE PRATICO'!| Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 1,087,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1mHliqnJ-E	"JESSICA TI AMO"- CANAZZO | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 33 seconds 831,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su-EpgYc-ro	IL BAMBINO PIU' STRANO DEL MONDO#3! | Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 10 seconds 735,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VH3rnGzQFgk	IL VIDEO PIU' EPICO DI SEMPRE! |Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 44 seconds 1,208,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfLRu5yBZZA	COME GRATTARSI IL NASO |Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 10 seconds 885,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE05Y-dG8YI	IL BAMBINO PIU' STRANO DEL MONDO#2 ! Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 2 minutes, 31 seconds 850,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhomXD_T3M8	IL BAMBINO PIU' STRANO DEL MONDO!| Awed™ by Awed ™ 5 years ago 1 minute, 58 seconds 1,343,145 views
