https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xpvAGvSOKc	ACABAMOS COM O UP NA VOLTA DO LEIL√ÉO üò≠ (LIVRAMENTO)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 day ago 23 minutes 101,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e927YCn41OU	ENCONTREI BANCOS RAROS PARA A PARATI üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 days ago 14 minutes, 58 seconds 70,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdZxE-Uqx9k	DEVOLVI O UP REBAIXADO PARA O LEIL√ÉO üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 days ago 22 minutes 192,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVGLJZp8WNg	LEVEI MINHA NAMORADA CONHECER A CRESPO GARAGE üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 days ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 144,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI79zzr_5B8	COMECAMOS A FAZER O CH√ÉO NOVO DA CRESPO GARAGE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 week ago 15 minutes 94,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWdrnMY2Ofk	COLOQUEI AS RODAS DA PARATI NA MADALENA üòç (GOSTARAO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 week ago 23 minutes 184,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmgL_J6mJJU	MOTOR NOVO DO GAFANHOTO J√Å DEU RUIM üòî‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 week ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 76,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25M8WnqY5TQ	MUDAN√áA RADICAL NA CRESPO GARAGE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 weeks ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 99,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOImP0r-CnI	COLOQUEI RODAS NOVAS NA PARATI üòç ( FICOU TOP ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 weeks ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 127,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hdTkOQFoME	TITAN COM MOTOR DE HORNET üò≤ ( FIQUEI IMPRESSIONADO )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 weeks ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 196,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxs0FDqzaM0	TIRAMOS O TELHADO INTEIRO DA CRESPO GARAGE üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 weeks ago 21 minutes 109,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JwDQ4BWwAw	O QUE ACONTECEU COM AS RODAS DA PARATI ? üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 weeks ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 98,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rbFAmBbt-k	CRESPO GARAGE TEVE UMA MUDANCA RADICAL üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 weeks ago 24 minutes 140,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIwkxFqfyFE	QUEBREI A RODA DO CARRO DO BRUNO GARCIA (TROLAGEM)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 weeks ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 156,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz3sQjDeLzY	ANDAMOS COM A PARATI PELA PRIMEIRA VEZ üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 18 minutes 134,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibe6eCmzATQ	PREPARANDO A PARATI PARA O PRIMEIRO ROL√ä üòç (DEU BOM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 30 minutes 170,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYlZP2BEp8k	PRIMEIRA LAVAGEM DA PARATI , ESTAVA SUJA DEMAIS üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 19 minutes 192,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGLXbLwDUv4	(TROLAGEM) DEI UM IPHONE PARA MINHA M√ÉE ( ELA CHOROU DMS üòî) by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 15 minutes 58,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNfKuvf9l18	TENTAMOS FUNCIONAR O MOTOR DO CARRO NOVO DO CANAL ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 17 minutes 186,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skMmmkNDPN0	MAIS UM CARRO NOVO DO CANAL üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 15 minutes 254,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOQXy02k-LQ	LAVEI OS BANCOS ENCARDIDOS DO CARRO DELA (DEU DIFEREN√áA? )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 20 minutes 102,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWHvZvi4oyI	PRESENTE üòç,TROQUEI OS FAR√ìIS DO UP REBAIXADO  ( DEU MUITO RUIM üòî)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 96,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieRNOg-PXPA	COMPREI UM CARRINHO NOVO PARA A CRESPO GARAGE (GOSTAR√ÉO?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 84,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-DyB4mXqkw	REA√á√ÉO DO MEU PAI AO VER O COROLA PRONTO üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 172,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89C2zso3--U	VAMOS FAZER UM MOTOR MUITO FORTE PRO GAFANHOTO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 16 minutes 47,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE0hBEWCsBY	TROCAMOS AS RODAS DO COROLA DE LEIL√ÉO DO CRESPO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 122,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAvbPXf6EYw	CONTINUA√á√ÉO PROJETO CRESPO GARAGE üòç (T√ÉO GOSTANDO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 18 minutes 92,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5BXkG7OhrA	COLOQUEI UM ESCAPE DE COMPETI√á√ÉO NA TITAN (SAI ATE FOGO üò≤)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 57,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IavYPCQbuO0	FIZEMOS O POLIMENTO DO COROLA ( brilhou demais ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 month ago 17 minutes 111,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiqOo3_XCuM	LEVEI O COROLA PARA LEGALIZAR (DEU CERTO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 97,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqbOBXybFVk	DEU UM PRESENTE PARA OS MEUS AV√ìS ( DEU BRIGA ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 24 minutes 74,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vNg9LBeghI	ULTIMOS DETALHES DO COROLA DE LEIL√ÉO üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 144,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YM08w4az2M	REFORMAMOS AS RODAS ESTRAGADAS DO UP REBAIXADO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 93,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8RxYqABwDs	ELE QUEBROU MEU IPHONE üò≠ (ANUNCIEI O CARRO DELE ESCONDIDO)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 84,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGtrGppAmZ0	TENTAMOS  FAZER O TRILHO DO PORTAO DA CRESPO GARAGE (DEU BOM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 20 minutes 119,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfj9-Z9Rq44	CRESPO GARAGE 1.0 EST√Å TOMANDO FORMA üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 21 minutes 139,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4lZFJWYS28	ACABEI COM A RODA DO UP REBAIXADO üò≠üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 18 minutes 143,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq-RGgZWXI0	MONTAMOS OS FAROIS PINTADOS NO CHEVETE (O QUE ACHARAM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 15 minutes 92,709 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Klv8Hcuyq3E	LEVEI MEUS AMIGOS PARA ANDAR NO UP REMAPEADO ( DEU MT TIRO üòÇ)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 18 minutes 94,513 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4haLIBATH4	TROLAGEM , ENCHI O CARRO DA MINHA NAMORADA DE BOLINHA üòÇ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 115,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb8kAJTQy1k	PINTEI OS FAROL DO CHEVETTE (FICO BONITO?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 120,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ_RJApm0l4	AJUDANDO MEU AMIGO A ESCOLHER UMA RODA PRO CARRO DELE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 109,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SfSz1Fgqoc	LAVEI A CRESPO GARAGEM PELA PRIMEIRA VEZ üòç (FICOU MUITO MELHOR )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 months ago 20 minutes 173,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KB_IilKLjK0	PINTEI O PORT√ÉO NOVO DA CRESPO GARAGE ( GARAGEM DOS SONHOS )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 20 minutes 167,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01kPGgyeR0s	AJUDEI O BRUNO GARCIA  LAVAR O PAINEL DO CAMINHAO DELE (FICO ZICA ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 17 minutes 259,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt8mufjcDLc	ESTAMOS MUDANDO VARIAS COISAS NA CRESPO GARAGE ( VAI FICAR BOM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 25 minutes 230,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUvC6DhFDG8	ENTREI COM UM TRATOR NA CRESPO GARAGE (QUEBRO TUDO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 20 minutes 246,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZUijax98KU	LAVAMOS O COROLA DE LEIL√ÉO NO LAVA R√ÅPIDO ( tava enterrado üò≥)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 201,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZQrRShuqOA	FIZEMOS OS PORTOES NOVOS DA CRESPO GARAGEM (REFORMA EP.1)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 161,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJqy4t65VKE	FINALMENTE A CRESPO GARAGE 1.0 ( SONHO SE TORNANDO REALIDADE üòç)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 302,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH-Xv_sMxJo	MADALENA GANHOU MAIS POT√äNCIA ? (AJUSTAMOS O MOTOR DELA)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 15 minutes 139,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfxPLofQOxU	FUNCIONAMOS O COROLA DE LEIL√ÉO (DEU TRABALHO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 274,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaol1ufxMrg	LAVEI O CAMINH√ÉO DO BRUNO GARCIA EM CASA (DEU CERTO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 22 minutes 269,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2chKqgDAW4	REMAPEAMOS O UP REBAIXADO (FICOU MT FORTEüòç) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 17 minutes 132,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39-9F_2V64w	CONHECI A SCANIA 112 DO BRUNO GARCIA (COISA MAIS LINDA )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 16 minutes 177,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hb03IIdx1c	COLOQUEI ESCAPE DE CORRIDA NO UP REBAIXADO DE LEIL√ÉO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 months ago 22 minutes 117,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iuJvi9IIjc	FINALMENTE PINTAMOS E MONTAMOS O COROLA DE LEIL√ÉO (‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 213,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGNfDyr8pT4	COLOQUEI TODOS OS VIDROS DO CHEVETTE ( DEU CERTO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 16 minutes 219,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE7kZYYHENg	LEVEI O UP REBAIXADO NA CONCESSION√ÅRIA ( PARO O ROLE )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 20 minutes 392,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEYnRtqIJ-0	DIEGO FAUSTINO DEU UM SUPER PRESENTE PRO UP DE LEILAO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 127,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6UL1lF_ZnA	DEIXEI A HORNET SO O CANO DE NOVO ( MUITO BARULHOüò≤)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 17 minutes 102,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8N79WM1pCw	DEU RUIM NA MADALENA E NO UP?üòî (MANUTEN√á√ÉO DA SUSP AR)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 25 minutes 140,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgqNBg7q57U	LEVAMOS O COROLA DE LEIL√ÉO PARA A FUNILARIA üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 178,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHr6vxC5njo	MONTEI A FRENTE INTEIRA DO CHEVETTE ( FUREI A LATA DELE üò≠)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 20 minutes 182,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL-C6GTMgPo	REALIZEI UM SONHO, COMPREI UMA CHACARA DE 1000 METROS üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 326,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Dk2xQuIoco	COLOQUEI PARA-CHOQUE NOVO NO CHEVETTE COM MEUS AMIGOS  (FICOU BOM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 15 minutes 157,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKxkNyoUM5o	TROLAGEM * FIZ MINHA NAMORADA EMPURRAR O UP NO QUEBRA MOLA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 17 minutes 229,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ne2O1NCjBDc	COLOQUEI AS RODAS NOVAS DO CHEVETTE PIRATA ( O QUE ACHAR√ÉO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 173,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0t4iQxWvj0	PROCURANDO AS PE√áAS DO CARRO DE LEIL√ÉO DO MEU PAI ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 211,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCmHiW09hoY	COLOQUEI UM DIFUSOR CABULOSO NO UP DE LEIL√ÉO ( FAZ MUITO BARULHO )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 217,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ld9trX19w4A	LAVAMOS O NOVO CARRO DE LEILAO DO MEU PAI ( CONSEGUIMOS? )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 224,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2GsEutrgNg	MONTANDO AS RODAS NOVAS DO CHEVETTE ( GOSTARAM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 20 minutes 197,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLqsOjuP6t0	DESMONTEI A FRENTE INTEIRA DO CARRO DE LEILAO DO MEU PAI‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 254,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsPaALy29io	PINTANDO AS RODAS VELHAS DO CHEVETTE (DEU CERTO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 15 minutes 186,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QB1kAwcJ3rE	CARRO DO MEU PAI CHEGOU DO LEILAO ( TODO DESTRUIDO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 415,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTyEKl8UeQw	DEI UM CARRO DE PRESENTE PRO MEU PAI ( ELE CHOROU üòÇ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 21 minutes 411,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDlPkABlqpA	DESAFIEI MEU PAI COM A MADALENA  ( QUEM VENCEU ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 15 minutes 150,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEZUDWsyP2U	0 A 100 KM/H MADALENA VS UP TSI ( QUEM FEZ EM MENOS TEMPO ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 17 minutes 213,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixqNWnswJCA	COLOQUEI UM PROTETOR DE MANOBRAS NA HORNET ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 17 minutes 106,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqV2O_7b48U	FIZ ZERINHO COM A BMW DO MEU AMIGO (escondidoüòÇ)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 81,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U0bNZO4I5A	LAVEI TUDO QUE TINHA NA GARAGEM (DEU MUITO TRABALHO)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 16 minutes 223,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsRrRcHjm2o	COME√áAMOS RESTAURAR AS PECAS DO CHEVETTE . EP 1 RODAS ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 5 months ago 15 minutes 193,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QRH6Zd5z-c	ACHEI UM AR CONDICIONADO RARO PRA MADALENA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 237,619 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpFRQUu0jqY	CONSEGUIMOS FUNCIONAR O PATINETE CABULOSO (DEU MUITO TRABALHO) Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 204,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eqBbtq-Rrw	RESSUSCITEI O PATINETE ABANDONADO NA QUARENTENA ( ELE TA DE VOLTA )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 19 minutes 139,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S46h5W1fx_Q	TROLEI ELA , FIZ ELA TROCAR O PNEU FURADO  DO CARRO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 19 minutes 303,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-vyQ-KnrMU	COLOQUEI AS RODAS DO UP TSI NA MADALENA ( GOSTARAM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 214,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjL60u21B3A	PASSEI O UP TSI NO DINAM√îMETRO ( quantos cavalos deu?)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 15 minutes 164,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ashMc-Q7Z74	COLOQUEI FREIOS DE CORRIDA NO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 127,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9gZaPhvv5s	MOSTRANDO AS PE√áAS VELHAS DO CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 198,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LI-OkF5gR8	FABRICAMOS UM BAGAGEIRO PRO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 22 minutes 265,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCpoK3G5Lo4	COLOQUEI UM SOM INTERNO NOVO NO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 25 minutes 461,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COyQqlnoQec	DEIXEI O VIDRO DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ESPELHADO‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 284,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swXUCbZDShw	LAVEI O CHEVETTE DEPOIS DA ENCHENTE  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 17 minutes 197,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5d9kw9beak	REA√á√ÉO DELES AO VER O CHEVETTE REFORMADO üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 6 months ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 189,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWoTHJsqHHQ	FUI BUSCAR O CHEVETTE NA TONIMEK üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 27 minutes 389,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_Dg0BS61dA	TROLEI MEUS AV√ìS COM A BMW R1200 (ELE QUASE CAIUüòÇ)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 101,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PgjDbHybAo	DEIXEI O UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO  S√ì O CANO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 363,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UdPZbB3JD4	REBAIXEI TUDO QUE DAVA A TRAZEIRA DO UP DE LEIL√ÉO‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 217,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3fkQqIG5Qk	TENTANDO LEGALIZAR O DOCUMENTO DO  UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 15 minutes 245,160 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sm9rRc95Hc	DESAFIEI OS MEUS AMIGOS COM O SOM DO UP TSI üòÇ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 21 minutes 273,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CI4mN3t9U-w	MEU CHEVETTE ESTAVA NA ENCHENTE DE SAO PAULO ( DEU PT?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 15 minutes 348,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=232lQpZlGs0	COLOQUEI UM SOM NOVO NO UP TSI ( ficou bom ? üëÄ)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 371,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVtQ3gK0GTM	COLOQUEI RODAS 17 NO MEU UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ( GOSTARAM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 21 minutes 497,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqWRj1ulJ80	ANDEI NA CARRETA SCANIA 112 DO BRUNO GARCIA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 157,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsxhrG25qUc	REBAIXEI MEU UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ( BAIXOU DEMAIS üò≠)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 24 minutes 557,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkN7G-qZGIc	TIREI O INSUFILME DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ( ficou bom ? ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 15 minutes 163,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig7tfN9Dwgo	SUSPENS√ÉO NOVA PARA O UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ( VOU REBAIXAR ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 7 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 187,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiS0NvgvW_c	EDU KOF DEIXOU A PORSCHE COMIGO ?‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 22 minutes 230,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iU5x-M7U4tE	MODIFIQUEI O MOTOR DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ( FICOU BOM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 15 minutes 191,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RgYQgLLsi8	MONTANDO OS APLIQUE DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO (deu certo ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 199,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLO4vr3ar3g	CRUZEI MARCHA NO CAMINH√ÉO GIGANTE (DEU CERTO?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 20 minutes 170,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjNfQ9A2rM0	DEIXAMOS A LATA DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO CROMADA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 17 minutes 226,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fN_PVy7Bg3c	PROCURANDO RODAS NOVAS PARA O UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 307,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXm3MdJWiK4	BUSQUEI MINHA V√ì COM A MADALENA S√ì O CANO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 199,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GKEcItZnbM	BATI A FRENTE DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 267,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQiA1n4zx-I	INCRIVEL O QUE FIZ NO MOTOR DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 15 minutes 367,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AO5m0hcicYM	MEU UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO EST√Å PRONTO ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 486,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3OYdVsp4Zc	PRIMEIRA VEZ DIRIGINDO UM CAMINH√ÉO (CONSEGUI?üôÑ)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 23 minutes 391,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI5mTBiVdn4	ANDEI COM MEU PAI NA GARUPA DA BMW R1200 (ele ficou bom medo?üòÇ)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 17 minutes 191,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0oirHzKQsk	LEVEI MEUS AMIGOS PARA ANDAR NO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO (ELES GOSTARAM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 8 months ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 205,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KfYJdfOzAM	PRIMEIRO ROLE COM O UP DE LEIL√ÉO SEM AS PORTAS  üò≥‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 7 minutes, 1 second 251,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mTHS3hwDeE	DESAFIE O SOM DO UNO DO MAIKI COM O SOM DA MADALENA .‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 16 minutes 678,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jObr1fzPtiE	ACABEI COM A MOTO DO DENTINHO (ELE FICO BRAVO?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 16 minutes 220,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPCYD4NwwVI	TENTAMOS DAR PARTIDA NO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO ( ELE PEGOU?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 23 minutes 552,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kL24A8RT4I	MUDEI A MADALENA TOTALMENTE (GOSTARAM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 362,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xr-kQairgU	MONTAMOS A INTERNA DO UP DE LEIL√ÉO (EU CONSEGUI ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 18 minutes 467,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiPZmapn9wg	FINALMENTE PINTAMOS O UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 283,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TtNGJnDGk8	ROLE COM A MADALENA S√ì O CANO , causei demais ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 18 minutes 431,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q49MdmYocI	MADALENA QUEBROU DE NOVO üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 21 minutes 119,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeihoD-NTpg	ANDEI COM O CORVETTE DO HUNGRIA (BATEMOS ELE ? üò≤) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 15 minutes 274,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6tBG380rWI	CHOREI AO VER A PINTURA DO CHEVETTE PRONTA üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 20 minutes 414,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NofNAu2zh04	MADALENA QUEBROU O C√ÇMBIO üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 26 minutes 212,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Wfq69zGW8I	ME VINGUEI DO AFREIN ( trolei o carro novo dele ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 9 months ago 18 minutes 317,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHqdmUXpDmI	COMO EST√Å MEU UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO NA FUNILARIA  üò≠üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 321,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zskfjzPIhFo	TENTAMOS ENSINAR O MATEUS KUASNE A ANDAR DE MOTO üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 146,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n6cRxrn7xY	CAUSAMOS DE S10 REBAIXADA NO EVENTO üòç (mais baixa que a Madalena)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 16 minutes 731,931 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30q2vZOk8pk	DENTINHO SE ACIDENTOU FEIO COM O GAFANHOTO (ELE EST√Å BEM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 201,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvWOqHeRAf0	PRIMEIRO TESTE DO GAFANHOTO (DEU RUIM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 16 minutes 175,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2jK5sa3buw	COLOQUEI OS PNEUS DO MEU PAI NA MADALENA E FIZ BORRACH√ÉO (ELE FICO BRAVO?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 226,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJDpdOcYBEM	LAVEI A INTERNA INTEIRA DO UP TSI DE LEIL√ÉO (FICO LIMPO?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 213,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYU53SbpxLE	COLOQUEI ACESS√ìRIO DE BMW F800 NA MINHA TITAN üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 110,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f2q1XLUoWk	DEIXEI O UP DE LEIL√ÉO SEM NADA NA INTERNA .‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 262,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiX6J_20MTU	PRIMEIRA LAVAGEM NO UP TSI DE LEILAO .‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 401,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I3X1DeEIYQ	COMECEI DESMONTAR O UP (A COISA TA FEIA)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 495,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoFZVkG59UY	MEU CARRO NOVO, COMPREI UM UP TSI BATIDO NO LEIL√ÉO üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 17 minutes 894,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI3fGFmPpH4	MOSTREI A MOTO NOVA PARA MEUS AMIGOS ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 10 months ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 66,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMkaBw0J7gM	CARRO DOS MEUS SONHOS üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 19 minutes 229,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTCyNPMg8mA	TERMINAMOS A REFORMA DO GAFANHOTO ( PINTURA NOVA ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 16 minutes 131,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfRCZo1OaM4	PAINEL DO CHEVETTE VAI MARCAR 200 KM/H ? üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 20 minutes 182,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAjXephP-oY	ANDEI EM UMA MOTO TURBO PELA PRIMEIRA VEZ (FIQUEI ASSUSTADO üò≤) Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 17 minutes 233,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qK6kQWU-81o	COMO MANTER A LATA DA MADALENA CROMADA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 16 minutes 140,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_NunEo3oLk	MINHA NAMORADA QUER QUE EU COMPRE ESSE FUSCA ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 21 minutes 264,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3wyZLS0r0g	OLHA COMO FICOU O GAFANHOTO MONTADO ( O QUE ACHARAM?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 30 minutes 337,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkdOviR6wC4	OLHA O QUE A TONIMEK FEZ COM O CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 27 minutes 167,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnkiJ1e3BG8	DESAFIEI O DENTINHO COM O SOM DA MADALENA (QUEM GANHOU?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 300,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMQ0GzLte9s	LATARIA DA MADALENA FICOU CROMADA üòÆ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 16 minutes 284,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yth3LUYBBpg	MUDAMOS A COR DO QUADRO DO  GAFANHOTO 2.0 ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 15 minutes 84,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CcbVIMICes	COME√áAMOS REFORMAR A MOTO QUE EU CAI ( RD 135 ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 109,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn-ZOPZoOsc	DEIXEI A PARATI DO BRUNO S√ì O CANO *TROLAGEM üòÇ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 11 months ago 17 minutes 410,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQa4L8Neb9A	COLOQUEI O SOM DO CHEVETTE NA SAVEIRO DO DENTINHO (TOCOU BEM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 502,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO8HW3USI80	REBAIXAMOS A PORCHE PANAMEIRA DO EDU KOF ? ( LCM MOMENTS)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 348,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RabmMSaTtFk	PROJETO GAFANHOTO 2.0 ( VAI FICAR BOM ? )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 95,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCEpXl08rig	CHEVETTE ABRE A PORTA AO CONTRARIO ?  ü§î‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 151,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSRJwMsXE-s	FABRICARAM UM CHEVETTE NOVO üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 25 minutes 247,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35yHxLKaviY	LAVEI O MOTOR DO GOLETA APENAS COM VAPOR ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 135,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REm_LcZRnn8	LEVEI UM INSCRITO ANDAR DE MADALENA NO ANIVERSARIO DELE  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 1 second 117,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqyGI01ehs8	DEI UM PRESENTE PARA O DONO DO LAVA R√ÅPIDO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 126,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EAfFm3u_3U	CONHECI A L200 DO KLEBIM ESTILO DUB (FIQUEI CHOCADO üò≤ ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes 865,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr3Ml_Z8emM	FUI ATRAS DAS PECAS NOVAS DO MOTOR DO CHEVETTE (VAI SER TURBO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 22 minutes 136,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6JUWWWExe4	AFREIM PASSOU MUITO MEDO NA MADALENA TURBO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,091,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNfccStQ0hk	COLOQUEI ESCAPE DE COMPETI√á√ÉO NA TITAN ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 140,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCGGpotNG8U	DESMONTEI O MOTOR DO CHEVETTE INTEIRO (TAVA RUIM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 23 minutes 174,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsESQf52HdI	VOU REFORMAR O PATINETE CABULOSO ?  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 110,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvPlLXBU3KI	TENTAMOS DEIXAR O MOTOR DO CHEVETTE LIMPO .‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 194,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y8AmyW-HSk	TROCAMOS A COR DAS RODAS DO GOLETA DO SORTEIO ?‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 157,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMzAZz1pR84	DEU UM PRESENTE TOP PARA A MOTO DO DENTINHO  ( ELE GOSTO ? )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 155,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h0jSKAh_jg	PARAMOS O EVENTO COM A MADALENA TURBO  üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 25 minutes 461,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0caa1aLvDSk	CAI COM UMA MOTO REL√çQUIA  EMPRESTADA ( DEU RUIM üò≠)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 198,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0Ny2rxLwS4	PRESENTE NOVO PRO GOLETA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 166,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkngAJWniis	FIZ UM PROJETO NOVO NA CA√áAMBA DA MADALENA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 32 minutes 276,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGxBIumXIHg	ACOMPANHANDO A RESTAURA√á√ÉO DO CHEVETTE POR CELULAR (DEU RUIM ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 131,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkmrbAJEK30	MUDANDO O VISUAL DO SOM DA MADALENA üòç  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 205,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MW3-GHiMV8w	DESAFIEI O MEI KILO COM A MADALENA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 148,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0zY7_7woz4	TROQUEI O ESCAPE DO GOLETA ( DIRET√ÉO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 175,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oy0DdOAwyQ	DEU RUIM NO MOTOR DA TITAN ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 318,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TO4ijIdTRU	JATEAMOS O CHEVETTE , O QUE SOBROU DELE  ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 23 minutes 277,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cqsH5Sb08g	VISITEI A GARAGEM DOS MEUS SONHOS üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 114,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx2E_tGM-Gs	LEVEI O CHEVETTE PARA PINTAR EM SAO PAULO ( FOI NA CARRETINHA üò≤ )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 28 minutes 226,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuIye46TjUI	TROCAMOS A INTERNA DO GOLETA üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 195,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJbYhU252bE	DERRETEMOS O CHEVETTE NO PRODUTO QUIMICO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 170,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ergmf9QV8Dg	OLHA A ALTURA DESSE CHEVETTE , QUERO O MEU ASSIM üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 97,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2DstHQeIgs	PASSEI GRAXA NA MINHA NAMORADA (ELA FICOU BRAVA ?)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 186,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehsGXaULV4s	TIRAMOS O MOTOR DO CHEVETTE NA MINHA GARAGEM  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 158,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ishHpvvED2I	DESAFIO DA GARRAFA COM O CHEVETTE (BOTTLE CAP CHALLENGE) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 98,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G28MZT8IAaE	TROLEI A SAVEIRO DO MATHEUS KUASNE (PIXEI ELA INTEIRA)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 27 minutes 270,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZdQ51KOSI8	ULTIMO BORRACH√ÉO  DO CHEVETTE (DEU BOM ?) ( ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 154,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHvnkJoht00	TIREI O SOM DA MADALENA ( O QUE ACONTECEU? )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 286,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0pr_bRhKkA	TIRAMOS O INSULFILME DO GOLETA DO MEU PAI üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 146,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBAKd6pFSG4	ENSINANDO MEUS AMIGOS A RODAR O CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 103,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rMNC0KBZpU	COMECEI DESMONTAR O CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 195,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAGGpxT0YAo	TROCA DE PAPEIS NA FESTA JUNINA ( ME VESTI DE MULHER ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 249,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLZd2YqQo20	LEVEI MEU PAI ANDAR NO GOL QUE ERA DELE REBAIXADO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 144,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZkez1pr87Q	ANDEI NO MAIOR CARRO DO MUNDO ( RODA 20 )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 28 seconds 178,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKrayvNVPe0	OLHA O QUE ACONTECEU COM O GOLETA QUE DEI PARA O MEU PAI ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 348,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUwue6MDQe8	COMO SER√Å A PINTURA DO CHEVETTE ( passo a passo) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 266,128 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPbqTXhnOKw	MINHA NAMORADA BUSCOU A FILHA DELA DE CHEVETTE ( ELA GOSTOU ? )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 338,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZYNpPeqOfk	CAUSANDO COM O CARRO DA STOCK CAR ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 75,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l9ElJtCPh4	OLHA O QUE FIZERAM COM ESSE GOLETA ( VOCE TERIA CORAGEM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 279,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWLezLCffT4	FUI CONHECER A TONIMEK OFICINA AONDE VAI PINTAR O CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 190,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWPtHL5KzWg	FIZEMOS UM POLIMENTO NO CHEVETTE (LATA FICOU UM ESPELHO)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 229,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyZetY2WmU8	DEI O GOLETA DE PRESENTE PARA O MEU PAI ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes 401,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LDd9lTT12A	TROLEI OS NOVOS BANCOS DO DENTINHO ( ELE FICO DOIDO)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 23 minutes 456,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMTmoA7Wh-c	ARREBENTEI A PARTE DE BAIXO DO MOTOR DO CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 180,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uyeKfcmzqY	O MAIOR CORTE DE GIRO QUE EU J√Å FIZ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 224,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m2WEiZCgQY	ELAS FORAM ATRAS DAS PE√áAS DO CHEVETTE NO FERRO VELHO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 389,602 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgQHKNPzTl4	DEIXEI O CHEVETTE  S√ì O CANO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 228,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8DLhnX8ctQ	NOVA COR DA MINHA HORNET ( EXCLUSIVA )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 267,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fC5FneUhn4	EU E MEUS AMIGOS PINTAMOS O CHEVETTE INTEIRO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 441,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXXkeKklof4	TIREI TODAS AS MOLAS DA SAVEIRO CROSS (SURPRESA) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 22 minutes 360,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OxFhbAX28U	IMAGENS DA CAMERA DE SEGURANCA DO DIA QUE PICHARAM O CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 310,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=masWiNXXySM	PRIMEIRA VIAGEM DO CHEVETTE ( DEU TUDO CERTO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 286,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3KtUvPis-Q	PICHARAM MEU CHEVETTE NA RUA ( MUITA MALDADE üò≠) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 687,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtRLgnUZKnk	DESAFIEI O MATHEUS COM O SOM DO CHEVETTE ( QUEM VENCEU?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 716,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ODHhAT80qk	FIZ UMA SURPRESA PRO DENTINHO ( arrumando a saveiro dele ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 21 minutes 415,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVRmOTJjiPA	COLOQUEI UM SOM MUITO FORTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 22 minutes 483,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPeMIT7sfrY	O QUE MEUS PAIS ACHARAM DO CHEVETTE SEM MOLA ?‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 117,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zV9DbOcvbp8	PASSANDO MAQUIAGEM DENTRO DO CHEVETTE SEM MOLA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 150,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwksCbQJRiY	TIREI TODAS AS MOLAS DA SUSPENSAO DO CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 349,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OrSfyXTodU	GAFANHOTO FICOU SEM FREIO ( DEU RUIM ?)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 144,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfkiHn8okAs	TROQUEI AS RODAS DO CHEVETTE ( O QUE ACHARAM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 15 seconds 280,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18PO8QoTLpQ	ESCOLHENDO A NOVA SUSPENSS√ÉO DO CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 279,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5gurMX0bm0	HUGO MIL GRAU ANDO COM O PATINETE CABULOSO‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 165,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKJYUfYEP7U	ENSINANDO MINHA NAMORADA A RODAR O CHEVETTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 444,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XqjCy1opZg	PROCURANDO UM MOTOR NOVO PARA O CHEVETTE‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 249,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smwPQgmr87Q	DEI PE√áAS DE SOM PARA O CARRO DOS MEUS  AMIGOS ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 179,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nk9XOIgLrx4	LEVEI HUGO MIL GRAU ANDAR DE CHEVETTE (ELE DIRIGIU?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 358,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwRdo_foKQM	REMOVENDO TODA A TINTA DA LATA DO CHEVETTE‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 452,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=varyWzTFLKo	TENTANDO FAZER DRIFT DE CHEVETTE PELA PRIMEIRA VEZ ( DEU BOM ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 205,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKvJCKqoppg	GAFANHOTO OU PATINETE , QUAL TENHO MAIS HABILIDADE ?‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 92,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoEZHAJ5aCY	TOGURO ANDOU COM A MADALENA ( ACELEREI MUITO)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 21 minutes 513,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djkGzE2SyXw	PRECISEI LIMPAR O TANQUE DO CHEVETTE üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 262,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biazxqCGEjE	COLOQUEI SOM NO CARRO DELA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 440,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpoblLcM1VM	MINHA NAMORADA DIRIGIU O CHEVETTE ( E TENTOU ME ENGANAR )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 264,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHEP9zP3q8c	MEXI NO MOTOR DO CHEVETTE , ( TAVA ESTRAGADO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 286,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sTolkONqng	GANHEI O SOM COMPLETO PRO CHEVETTE üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 433,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgoIVELLuRA	RODEI O CHEVETTE COM MEU AV√î (QUASE INFARTOU)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 334,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4QEjpD7qDs	DEI UM ROLE NO BUGGY DOS SONHOS üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 108,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXEzK81p40w	PRIMEIRO BANHO DO CHEVETTE FOI COM PRODUTO MUITO FORTE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 413,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB_pf0TGrNE	MEU CARRO NOVO TRA√á√ÉO TRASEIRA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 430,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph8oHaSn3rA	TESTANDO O ESCAPE NOVO DO GAFANHOTO ( DEU DIFEREN√áA ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 151,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWjxUGIit1A	BUSQUEI ELA DE CAMARO COM ESCAPE DIRETO üòÇ .‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 603,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQ_D-cOtwHk	PROCURANDO UM NOVO CARRO DE DRIFT .‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 204,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpbTS7TDxSA	ZUEI DEMAIS O CAMARO DO MEU AMIGO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 27 minutes 451,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOIWkLKJ3P0	COLOQUEI ESCAPE DA HORNET NO GAFANHOTO E PASSEI NO DINAM√îMETRO ( DEU BOM ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 23 minutes 329,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3dv8a2TzQg	MINHA HORNET QUEBRO O MOTOR ? ( SAIBA O QUE ACONTECEU ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 138,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZy1JdF7clc	FIZ DRIFT COM RENATO GARCIA DIRIGINDO ( ELE EST√Å DOMINANDO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 338,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gLD6kjrePw	VOU COLOCAR FRENTE DA TITAN 160 NA MINHA MOTO ?/ FUSCA DE 400 CAVALOS .üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 136,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L1N1JU7shM	MADALENA COBRIU A RUA TODA NA FUMA√áA üí®‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 703,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UThiZ2Tppag	MINHA CG TITAN 2019 FICO PRONTA üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 380,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R568AWFi_Uw	DEIXEI MEU PAI DIRIGIR A MADALENA TURBO (‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 175,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12ghiPa9MFo	AS PECAS DA CG TITAN FICARAM PRONTAS ( CROMEI O MOTOR ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 143,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkIoZ7aXMJA	CAPOTEI COM O QUADRICICLO EMPRESTADO  ( QUEBROU TUDO ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 296,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZiU7I_962s	DESMONTEI TODA MINHA CG TITAN 99  ( JA ERA ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 119,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43ZYg_SY9ww	O QUE ACONTECEU COM O MOTOR DA MOTO BAMBU üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 22 minutes 108,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhwZmWC0VBo	GOLETA VAI VIRAR UM JETTA TSI ? ( QUAL CARRO √â MELHOR ?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 240,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vGH0JuBWh0	ELA ACREDITOU QUE IA ANDAR DE  FERRARI. ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 125,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IO638N7cA_Q	ESCONDI TODOS OS BIQU√çNIS DELA NO RESORT (foi sem üò≥?)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 280,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ce95iBg0G8I	O QUE VAI SER DO GOLETA ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 361,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQ9cGcOGC1Q	VOU MORAR NA CASA NOVA DO Maiki 021 ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 269,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_t4XkYRld8	TROLEI MINHA NAMORADA , COLOQUEI PLASTICO BOLHA NA CASA TODA üòÇ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 224,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja5Os0agA88	EVOLUIMOS MUITO COM A MOTO DE EMPINAR ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 176,191 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRodfZ4pkkE	DESMONTEI A MADALENA TODINHA ( ELA FICO TODA CHEIA DE AGUA )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 55 seconds 253,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTbDyYfys_k	IRRITANDO MEU AMIGO QUE PERDEU O CARRO PARA POLICIA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 21 minutes 592,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGZRlhIoSg0	TROLEI A SAVEIRO DO MEU AMIGO DENTINHO (CHEIA DE FOGO üî•) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 265,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl3qLjId5pU	QUANTOS METROS A MADALENA CONSEGUE PATINAR ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 356,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boiirEj-QaA	PINTEI O CABELO DE TODOS OS MEUS AMIGOS NA PRAIA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 152,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gp74Z1U4xdY	MOTO DA √âPOCA DO MEU AV√î  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 209,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HVb7HFf01A	DE 0 A 100 ( HORNET REMAPEADA VS HORNET ORIGINAL )‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 85,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A56AkFKWdsw	PINTEI O CABELO DA COR DO CARRO DO MEU AMIGO ( FIQUEI LINDO üòÇ)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 144,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCJvUMvufF8	COLOQUEI LUZ DE  NEON NA MADALENA ( FICOU BOM ?üëÄ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 173,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFZkS83Galo	ELA FEZ TRILHA SOZINHA COM O GAFANHOTO üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 498,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCamuksmJV4	RASPEI O CABELO DO MEU AMIGO NO ZERO ( DEU RUIM üò≤)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 355,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqhpOIyzfZA	TESTEI A POTENCIA DA MADALENA DE 0 A 100 KM/H ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 218,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKKZn5WiNDA	SANTANA VALE MAIS DE 100.000 REAIS üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 465,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piwuPPdUSvc	TROLEI MINHA NAMORADA E ELA CHOROU DE VERDADE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 820,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rc9nwklOUI0	TENTANDO NOVAS MANOBRAS COM O TRIKE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 261,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9XtjfPGheY	MEU AMIGO CAIU COM A MOTO NOVA ? üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 164,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS45g8hlS7Q	ACEITEI O DESAFIO DO HUGO MIL GRAU - TODAS MINHAS MOTOS  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes 174,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aYQOw9g-kA	O SIGNIFICADO DAS MINHAS TATUAGENS üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 127,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKIMrDG0YUU	REBAIXEI O TRIKE ABANDONADO DA BREAKMEN üõ¥ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 291,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXu9dSzmruk	DESAFIO DA BALIZA COM MINHA NAMORADA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 319,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWwwPR3aOE4	DEI UM PRESENTE DE ULTIMA GERA√á√ÉO PARA O MEU PAI üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 159,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqi9YUrDPWo	MADALENA DE SAPATO NOVO / SUSPENS√ÉO ESTOUROU UMA MANGUEIRA üò≠ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 353,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uegb3QkvlRA	MADALENA GANHOU UM PRESENTE TOP üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 278,855 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt4k0EMBWfw	BUSQUEI MINHA M√ÉE COM O CAMARO S√ì O CANO üòÇ (ELA CHORO ?)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 194,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a08xKduOXb8	MINHA NAMORADA ACEITOU DESCER COM O TRIKE ABANDONADO DA BREAKMEN ? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 395,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx_N3I6Hl48	DEIXEI MINHA NAMORADA DIRIGIR A MADALENA TURBO üò≥ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 1,015,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARx8C0ZIEVs	COLOQUEI RODA 20 NO TRIKE ABANDONADO DA BREAKMEN ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 2,592,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJBqPM8o6IU	CAUSANDO COM A BMW Z4 DO MAIKI 021 ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 367,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LevKLHgle8A	SORTEAMOS O GOLETA EM UM EVENTO üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 21 minutes 174,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO0va4sQFmo	QUEM BERRA MAIS ? ( HORNET VS CAMARO ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 211,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcOPv_Amw1k	COMPREI UMA MINI MOTO DE TRILHA ?  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 218,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odZn6X0__pk	REBAIXEI A CARRETINHA ESCONDIDO DO DONO üòÇ ( ELE FICO BRAVO?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 478,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohkqGumSkRw	ESSA CAMINHONETE TEM MOTOR DE CAMARO ? ( ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 296,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5URZYfwXkvs	TROQUEI O ESCAPE DA HORNET E ELA GANHOU 10 CAVALOS üê¥ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 351,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOZxXoDwhzM	LEVEI ELA PARA DIRIGIR UM FUSCA REBAIXADO ( NEM SAIU DO LUGAR üòÇ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 215,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAtUM4IT3vA	FIZ TRILHA COM O PATINETE CABULOSO üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 20 minutes 353,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG3avRLEWZ8	FUI DESAFIADO A ANDAR NA GARUPA DO GAFANHOTO ( PIOR ESCOLHA üò≠) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 19 minutes 177,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsI0r0NkuE8	REFORMEI A CARRETINHA E COLOQUEI RODAO NELA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 313,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlN-P6Po4eo	CAI COM O GAFANHOTO TENTANDO FAZER ZERINHO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 232,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZKV6oAAdLE	ANDEI EM UMA HARLEY DAVIDSON CABULOSA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 16 minutes 138,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2R8IYoivC9w	ANDEI COM MUITO MEDO NA MOTO NOVA DO MAIKI 021 ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 15 minutes 198,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNKiYFN359k	MAIKI 021 ANDOU COM A MOTO  NOVA  üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 330,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4gpG3Pno8k	FUI AJUDAR MEU AMIGO DO CAMARO E N√ÉO DEU MUITO CERTO üòÇüòÇ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 17 minutes 289,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMLxwHVYuTg	MINHA NAMORADA ENROSCOU O GOLETA NO QUEBRA-MOLA ! ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 18 minutes 1,202,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdtikyHbN6c	O GOLETA ESTA DE VOLTA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 1 year ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 276,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmaooUu62qc	LEVEI MEUS PAIS EM UM RESTAURANTE JAPONES üòÇ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 20 minutes 119,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTaI0uiVIdM	REBAIXEI O CAMARO DO MEU AMIGO SEM ELE SABER üòÇ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 714,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRYmS24Qlfs	DESAFIO NA TRILHA COM A MOTO NOVA ( QUEM GANHOU ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 23 minutes 129,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x94qu6PsnW4	MADALENA ANDOU DE GUINCHO  üòî ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 20 minutes 257,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPI718g8GG0	PRIMEIRO DUELO DE WHEELING( CAIMOS FEIO üò≠)   ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 22 minutes 585,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV6k4dUdlwY	COMPRAMOS OUTRA MOTO DE LEIL√ÉO üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 455,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by0KTpHORlg	DEIXEI A MADALENA SO O CANO üòç  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 21 minutes 463,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zdKD1VYLQ4	MOTO NOVA VS BOMBA MUITO FORTE ! ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 136,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-q6F3iJxQ5I	MINHA NAMORADA CAIU APRENDENDO ANDAR COM A MOTO NOVA? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 528,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEuOliISDm4	RALEI PELA PRIMEIRA VEZ A RABETA DA MOTO NOVA !üòÇ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 312,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQG3nQEVvkQ	LATARIA DA MADALENA VIROU UM ESPELHO ü§î ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 214,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7wKJFMzGng	REBAIXEI O CARRO DA MINHA NAMORADA SEM ELA SABER üòÇ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 1,457,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdL5aenfA6Q	PINTURA EX√ìTICA NO TANQUE DA MOTO NOVA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 20 minutes 320,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mdXekh-3WQ	MADALENA VAI PARA A MANS√ÉO BREAKMEN DOS ESTADOS UNIDOS ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 232,191 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_L1_2AY4esI	ACABEI COM O PNEU DA HORNET üò≠ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 198,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4pk6HBJx0A	O QUE ACONTECEU COM A MOTO NOVA ? üò≠ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 226,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80rEKY__8Lk	LEVEI O JON VLOGS PARA ANDAR NA MADALENA ( ACELEREI MUITO ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 21 minutes 645,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZzH44PimMI	JON VLOGS ANDOU COM A  MOTO NOVA   ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 480,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHC6TzvJhZg	O QUE EU FIZ COM A PORSCHE DO EDU KOF? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 220,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckl6rsrUCLs	CAI FEIO COM A MOTO NOVA üòî ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 449,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAjmBzEP_Jk	TRETEI COM EDU KOF üò≥ ?  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 335,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg3JdqnCo3U	COMPREI UMA MOTO NOVA ? (MELHOR QUE A HORNET?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 535,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuBxOu-0bZ4	MINHA HORNET ANDOU NA FRENTE DE UMA CB 1000 ? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes 99,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Omg1qPBuCg	COMO LIMPAR O MOTOR TURBINADO DA MADALENA ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 19 minutes 234,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fPJVZswUOA	VOU MORAR NESSA MANS√ÉO NOVA ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 517,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bnjdfv2Jm7g	PRIMEIRA VEZ DO MEUS AV√ìS NA MADALENA TURBO (ELES GOSTARAM ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 217,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xZuB3zCRoI	O QUE SOBRO DO MOTOR ANTIGO DA MADALENA ? ( TUDO QUEBRADO?üò≤) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 210,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qdeZdM5F1o	MADALENA GANHOU MAIS UM PRESENTE SUPER LEGAL üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 335,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZf252hLwjc	ULTIMA VOLTA  DA MINHA NAMORADA NA HORNET AZUL ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 323,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzC5JDh0haQ	BUSQUEI MINHA NAMORADA COM A MADALENA TURBO üòØ ( DEU RUIM ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 1,982,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iC9hdziF7X8	MADALENA GANHOU UM PRESENTE LINDO üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 452,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpfcCjgPysw	PRIMEIRA LAVAGEM DA MADALENA TURBO üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 416,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAAtJWgZNB8	MOTOR DA MADALENA FINALIZADO ? (FICO FORTE?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 597,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqUvt7LV3Ho	TROQUEI A COR DA RODA DA HORNET? (NAO GOSTEI ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 206,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYIlXAqtayU	ROLE CHAVE COM A HORNET AZUL (FICARAM OLHANDO ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 268,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLF31igWfQ0	TROQUEI A COR DA HORNET ? (FICO FEIA üòî?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 331,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74pPgY1WcKQ	PEGUEI A MT 09 DO MAIKI 021 ESCONDIDO ( DEU BRIGA ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 1,069,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-YwQwUwDm8	FABRIQUEI UM AEROFOLIO PRO GOLETA ( DEU CERTO ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 224,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2VpkPgDNrc	PRIMEIRA PARTIDA DA MADALENA TURBINADA ( SER√Å QUE LIGOU ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 22 minutes 567,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EstvxxXesZ8	MONTANDO MOTOR DA MADALENA (ft. AUTO SUPER) by Danilo Crespo Streamed 2 years ago 39 minutes 215,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9IAZCHRRlw	A MADALENA EST√Å DE VOLTA ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 364,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwQtVP4sisw	A HORNET FICO INTERNADA üòî ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 166,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G69DOgno3o8	DEI UM PRESENTE PARA O GOL ABANDONADO DO BRUNO GARCIA üéÅ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 298,137 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vde2utz5jQc	GOLETA NUNCA MAIS VAI SER REBAIXADO ? ( ELE ESTA ESTRAGADO ?) ( ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 312,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he_KwooVsTY	VUVUZELA NO ESCAPE DA HORNET  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 397,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFsuxfyeoJI	TRANSFORMEI O PATINETE CABULOSO PRA COPA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 223,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhZAtWS57cY	O QUE ACONTECEU COM ELES ? ( DESAFIO DA COPA ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 79,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9xa3_KlNzU	√â DIF√çCIL FAZER DRIFT COM UM NISSAN 350Z ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 180,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uS4tMd0vC14	DESAFIO DE FUTEBOL NA CAMA EL√ÅSTICA ! ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 116,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adj6D5Uwgrc	VOLANTE DO LADO DIREITO ? ( CONSEGUI DIRIGIR ? ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 201,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8VwwOVX8HE	ANDEI NO CARONA DE UM CARRO DE DRIFT (QUASE MORRI)üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 212,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pM2a4vvKhhM	DEI UM CELULAR DE PRESENTE PARA MINHA V√ì (ELA GOSTOU ?)ü§î ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 149,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrERvpudlFM	LAVEI O GOL ABANDONADO DO BRUNO GARCIA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 448,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3fszB0p8vA	QUASE COLOQUEI FOGO NA MINHA CASA üî•  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 281,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDhtfEp52C4	EMPINEI NA FRENTE DA POL√çCIA üò≠ ( DEU RUIM ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 620,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTzI90SUvTY	ROUBEI A GASOLINA DA CB1000 DO DIEGO FAUSTINO ? üò≥ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 19 minutes 207,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8ffo0u3yBo	LEVEI UM ENQUADRO MONSTRO COM O GOLETA SEM GASOLINA üò™ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 20 minutes 424,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8exwaZDpzE	FUI NO MEIO DA GREVE DOS CAMINHONEIROS ?üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 399,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFHCV_Tnl7s	ACABOU A  HORNET DA BREAKMEN ? üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 180,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWGdwuLyzi4	DESAFIO DE ESTILINGUE VALENDO 1.000 REAIS ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 113,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVAAxilmOcg	HORNET DA BREAKMEN ? üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 225,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPt6WLiPWI8	COLOQUEI NEON NO GOLETA IGUAL O SKYLINE DO BRYAN ?( VELOZES E FURIOSOS) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 263,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dzcIpY95wM	MEU PAI ANDOU DE HORNET ( ELE CAIU ? ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 204,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mb8NZxvDtQ	O GOLETA VOLTOU COM RODAS NOVAS ? üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 19 minutes 393,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08009WHxAFo	MADALENA FOI PARA SAO PAULO (SEQUESTRARAM ELA ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 290,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LmQLLzCpio	LEVEI A SAVEIRO PARA O EX DONO ( VENDI A SAVEIRO ?) üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 1,183,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sQ8q5wCjCI	LEVEI A M√ÉE DO MEU AMIGO NA GARUPA DA HORNET (ELA CHORO?) üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 46 seconds 230,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cx9s5XlUyw	COLOQUEI 4 RODAS DIFERENTES NA SAVEIRO üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 398,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=123Wp282md4	APRENDENDO A EMPINAR DE HORNET ? ü§î ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 263,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMOIKcXUec4	CROMEI A SUSPENS√ÉO A AR  DA MADALENA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 275,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW175p_V2q8	DESAFIO DE EMBAIXADINHA COM BOLA PEGANDO FOGO üî• ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 2 seconds 211,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kiJFff8MyQ	ESTRAGOU O MOTOR DA HORNET ?üò¢ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 211,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZdlFCwANg4	AMARREI MEU AMIGO NA CADEIRA E FIZ UMA TATUAGEM NELE ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 297,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrGbmekp1ss	COLOQUEI RODA 24'' NA SAVEIRO ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 599,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDEfNSE1WCY	COLOQUEI UM VOLANTE RARO NA MADALENA? ü§î ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 609,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlBpYqGEWe8	PINTEI S√ì UMA RODA DA HORNET ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 290,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm2AWv7mnKw	ENCHI UMA BEXIGA GIGANTE NO ESCAPE DA MADALENA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 19 minutes 176,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwrPIzAhL1M	TATUAGEM  DE IPHONE NO BRA√áO üì± ? (ESPECIAL 2 MILH√ïES ) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 177,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KE0AUvXvxc0	COLOQUEI RABETA NOVA NA HORNET ?  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 268,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeKJmss6uRU	PINTEI AS RODAS DO CARRO DO MATEUS KUASNE SEM ELE SABER ? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 320,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1jMK62LGxY	QUASE MORRI NA GARUPA DE UMA MOTO DE CORRIDA? üò¨ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 118,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2x_L8OJcoA	ENSINANDO O MATHEUS A ANDAR DE CARRO BAIXO (ELE APRENDEU ?)  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 510,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cH2-d1R4nvI	REBAIXEI A SAVEIRO DO MATHEUS KUASNE SEM ELE SABER ? ü§î ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 1,388,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Udt0rIkAaw	MINHA PRIMEIRA VEZ EM UMA PISTA DE CORRIDA ?üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 161,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhozy3-Qqwc	ACABEI COM A RODA DA MADALENA ? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 324,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EorUq64w79A	VOU VENDER O GOLETA?üò≠ ( SER√Å O FIM DELE ?) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 593,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov3QIm4yT_E	RL NA GARUPA DE UM DOIDO? ( DEU BOM ?)üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 183,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHggDWozF8c	RACHA DE ESPUMA NA CA√áAMBA DA SAVEIRO ? üòÆ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,991,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8v2jVFksrM	SUPORTE ZICA PARA MEU CAPACETE üòç  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 214,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cThtl2KpG4	TROLEI A CB1000 DO BRUNO GARCIA ( ELE FICO BRAVO ? )  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 2,071,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmMSPr4WK3U	CROMEI O ESCAPE DA HORNET ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 275,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnmoJFcSJA0	DEIXARAM A HORNET S√ì O CANO SEM EU SABER ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 497,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_0w7XuZBh4	PRIMEIRO ROLE NOTURNO DE HORNET / GRAU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 215,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ1bZXuQ-js	COLOQUEI 4 BOMBAS DE GUERRA NA MADALENA? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 475,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSyuTQ-wt2A	LEVEI A MADALENA PARA ASSISTIR SHOW DO HUNGRIA ?üòé‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 835,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pK6Y1aIak3I	LEVEI MEU V√î NA GARUPA DA HORNET ? üòÇ  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 329,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DPZEWp83vc	COLOQUEI AGU√Å NO ESCAPE DA CB1000 üòÆ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 759,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHN_bj9Pzpw	COLOQUEI ACESSORIOS NA HORNET üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 534,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwtiytakpl4	PRIMEIRO ROLE COM A HORNET üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 425,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLEfmbuPbt4	ANDEI DE JET SKI , SEM SABER NADAR üò±‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 580,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afNWWiS07Ls	FIZ UM ESCAPE PRA HORNET EM CASA üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 1,049,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYCG_hfX1PU	PRIMEIRO BANHO DA HORNET üòé ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 502,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQqshq-iz3c	MINHA MOTO NOVA ? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 18 minutes 1,113,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhA_EZyLKhQ	ROLE DE SRAD , 140 KM/H EM PRIMEIRA MARCHA ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 160,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=961inivWRQ8	BRUNO GARCIA EMPINOU DE PATINETE CABULOSO ? üòÆ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 382,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLFatUq-h50	TROQUEI A MADALENA EM UM CARRO DE LUXO ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 752,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgTb0xKT-AI	TROQUEI AS RODAS DO IRM√ÉO DA MADALENA SEM O DONO SABER üòÇ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 860,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVZE-gUWijI	EMPINEI MAIS QUE A CB 1000 DE PATINETE CABULOSO üòé ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 380,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLRHvPNzg38	ACHEI O IRM√ÉO DA MADALENA  üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 352,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3J6q4jDOiI	APRENDENDO A EMPINAR COM O PATINETE CABULOSO üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 441,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeN8TXp7aKw	ESCAPE DE HORNET NO  PATINETE CABULOSO üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 982,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKLEolTUXKk	MOSTRANDO O SOM DA MADALENA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 609,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS5NAMaW47s	VOLTEI A LANTERNA DO GOLETA ORIGINAL ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 719,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35yIh9cW5BE	ADESTRANDO A MADALENA ü§î‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 343,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpkpIm91D0s	O PATINETE CABULOSO EST√Å DE VOLTA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 524,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd8CVh-wdZI	QUEBREI O PARA-BRISA DA MADALENA üò≠  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 503,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRk8JcCLhOE	DESAFIO DO TRAVESS√ÉO COM BIQU√çNI üëô ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 240,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tFclPVHb-o	FIZ A P√Å MALUCA COM MEU AMIGO NA PRAIA üòÇ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 1,195,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XR0BczNnvsk	PRIMEIRA VIAGEM DA MADALENA üòé ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 746,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5TPi_fNwhE	A HIST√ìRIA DA MADALENA üòç  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 852,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOptGZIGk4w	TROQUEI AS RODAS DA MADALENA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 410,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eH5todLIac	MADALENA EST√Å INTERNADA ?üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 1 second 234,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnkZgJw9jK4	MEU AMIGO VIROU UMA ARVORE DE NATAL üéÖ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 115,161 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeJ6CQIdeyw	INVADI A MANS√ÉO DO MAIKI O21üè°‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 388,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrLH_yCBp24	COLOQUEI BANCOS RECAROS NA MADALENA  üòé‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 508,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6ypYgqPUmc	CARRINHO DE CONTROLE REMOTO CABULOSO üöó‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 290,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7xQA93R3dc	MADALENA EM UM DIA DE PRINCESA üëë‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 642,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLBljzgnI2Q	380 KM/H COM UMA MOTO 1300 CILINDRADAS ?üò±‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 232,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3twjBn9EAg	PRENDERAM A SAVEIRO ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 611,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDYCeDOPFro	VOU MORAR NOS ESTADOS UNIDOS COM A BREAKMEN ? üò±‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 346,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG_b8hsZqRA	CARRO DA POLICIA REBAIXADO ?üò±‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 517,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrhUggMIG_c	DIRIGI UM CARRO MAIS VELHO QUE A MADALENA üò±‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 19 minutes 521,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYFgFnEJZS4	A MADALENA ESTAVA CHEIA DE LAMA ? ü§î‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 419,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY8HDDhBxi4	MADALENA GANHOU UM PRESENTE ? üòé‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 550,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhO6_wJRKPk	MAIOR EVENTO DE CARROS DO MUNDO EXPOBAIXOS üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 192,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCa7qWBZGas	VIAJEI COM UMA MOTO E ENCONTREI UMA CHUVA DE PEDRA üò≠‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 340,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ukp_2ldUY-c	REBAIXEI O GOLETA ATE ANDAR ARRASTANDO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 524,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWrPEv1EZTY	REBAIXEI UMA HILUX SW4 E COLOQUEI RODAS 24 üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,181,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd-wlftajgM	A XJ6 DO MAIKI 021 ESTAVA INTERRADA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 668,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NTXGNDFx7Y	MINHA M√ÉE ERGUEU O GOLETA SEM EU SABER ! üò≠ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 24 minutes 1,185,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dASjI2snRFc	REBAIXEI UMA LAND ROVER  üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 15 minutes 486,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyTfwhizPKs	FIZ POLIMENTO NO VIDRO DA MADALENA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 627,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUv_x9JPPu4	ENGANEI MEU AV√î COM A CB 1000 ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 17 minutes 714,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmUvjDEwdxE	TROLEI O TAXISTA PINTANDO O CARRO DE UBER üòÖ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 876,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG-VkoT6cUg	MAIKI 021 QUASE CAPOTOU O AUDI üò≤  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 492,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbMoMk2jzDg	COLOQUEI PARA-CHOQUE NOVO NA MADALENA ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 16 minutes 695,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBUgVEjQ2r0	FIZ UM ARM√ÅRIO DENTRO DA MADALENA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 608,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FEyHr2XvGw	COLOQUEI SOM NA CA√áAMBA DA MADALENA  ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 2 years ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 772,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFhMXph9_WM	TALENTO NO PARA-CHOQUE DA MADALENA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 448,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYsArqN-Byg	ABANDONEI O GOLETA ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 421,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGMpOQQF3gk	ACABAMENTO DE MADEIRA NA CA√áAMBA DA MADALENA üòç ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 547,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41JGvu4MpYA	MUDEI A FRENTE DA MADALENA üòç  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 695,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuqHwBPptGA	FIM DA CASA BREAKMEN NO BRASIL üò≠ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 420,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qgdjA3GX58	FIZ O MELHOR POLIMENTO DO MUNDO NA MADALENA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 576,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGYxX6j5byI	FUI VISITAR O TUSK ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 588,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39Ulqb0w9HA	COLOQUEI ROD√ÉO NO CARRO DO MEU V√î üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 959,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSeXOId1cpA	A SAVEIRO N√ÉO VAI SER REBAIXADA ? üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 812,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOH-s3pR1D4	PIXEI O CARRO DO MEU AMIGO üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 415,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJwQ2peIsm4	LEVEI MEUS AMIGOS ANDAR NA PORSCHE DO EDU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 396,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUNqMsGRZvY	PRIMEIRO BANHO DA SAVEIRO üòç‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 851,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jht-ZrgIX3g	FIZ MINHA V√ì E MEU V√î CHORAR üò™‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 18 minutes 524,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1z_U71jnPdk	DEIXEI O ESCAPE DA SAVEIRO SO O CANO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 17 minutes 595,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oksopFCmGqU	FUI EM UMA CASA QUE VALE MILH√ïES   ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 33 seconds 380,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Azco3slPRRI	BATI A BMW DO PORTUGA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 1,308,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqEgA2c3PyM	EMBALEI O GOLETA DE PL√ÅSTICO BOLHA / DANILO CRESPO by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 575,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVAb2UXknbI	LEVEI UM FORA DA MINHA AMIGA?  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 1,079,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9OTORfBbvU	LEVEI A BMW DO PORTUGA PRA FAZER POLIMENTO  üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 569,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czXK_09h600	DESAFIO DO TRAVESSAO ENTRE CASAIS ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,775,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1nS1W2Dyj8	ACABOU O MIST√âRIO DA COR DA SAVEIRO üòÅ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 744,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoqbQtIYT08	MEU PAI NA PORSCHE PANAMERA DO EDU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 352,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_S0M6-_yNmo	LAVANDO A PORSCHE PANAMERA DO EDU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 915,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm783CoFS3k	A SAVEIRO ESTA DE VOLTA ? üò± ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 551,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_qFAKLQzyg	TALENTO NA XJ6 DO RENATO GARCIA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 797,855 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MuuqBBw-JQ	VENDI A PLACA DE 1 MILH√ÉO PRO MEU AV√î ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 17 minutes 320,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_1NJhTxeGQ	MEU COMPUTADOR MORREU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 248,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faG8jf4pac8	MINHA MAE NA PORSCHE PANAMERA DO EDU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 18 minutes 1,307,205 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C6ewpFNeoI	QUEBREI A RODA DO AUDI DO EDU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 472,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVvfDqIZtV8	PINTEI AS RODAS NOVAS DO GOLETA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 731,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UO-mHlQyE30	A SAVEIRO ESTA QUASE PRONTA üò≤‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 15 minutes 476,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFU65DZWl90	APRENDA A FAZER UM SPINNER COM 6 REAIS ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 669,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj_Ag4HurZ4	ANDEI COM O MENOR CARRO DE CORRIDA DO MUNDO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 377,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke4QSTQezTU	UM GATO PRESO NO MOTOR DO CARRO ?üò®  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 332,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE2KFYbwKdY	FUI VISITAR A SAVEIRO EM S√ÉO PAULO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 630,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6nrwCby0NQ	TOMEI UM BANHO DE √ìLEO QUEIMADO üò≤  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 378,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzhupMIOe2Q	O FAROL DO GOLETA √â DE CARRO DE CORRIDA ? üò≥ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 15 minutes 568,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yP-zM2aRke8	FUI VIAJAR COM O GOLETA E EXPLODIU O CAMBIO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 494,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goeeaKUt_6A	MEU GOLETA √â DO AYRTON SENNA ?üò≤ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 452,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KQ10y4waoo	O AUDI DO EDU VIROU UM BARCO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 806,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd9z32Nb5Xc	PINTEI O MOTOR DA SAVEIRO NA CHUVA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 476,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EN42Q1DhD4k	CAI FAZENDO MOTOCROSS E QUASE FUI ATROPELADO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 618,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2JLiboFT_s	MEU V√î FEZ UMA TATUAGEM COM MEU NOME ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 334,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9yWMJV6GJ0	O PATINETE VOLTOU üí• ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,811,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2DXAyDo21I	VENDI A SAVEIRO ? üò≠  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 618,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e9SHFfgwKA	ACABEI COM A SAVEIRO INTEIRA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 636,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hngjlg5CTWM	CAPOTEI COM O  HOVERBOARD KART  DO AFREIM ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 1,110,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl3KJhbScIA	REBAIXEI A MOTO DA MINHA M√ÉE SEM ELA SABER ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 674,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvmFLCrJxwA	AFREIN DESTRUIU A PINTURA DA SAVEIRO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 2,859,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b79fVS22Edw	O AUDI DE 6 MILH√ïES  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 990,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTv-qnmgzpw	O AUDI DO EDU ESTAVA ENTERRADO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 9 minutes, 37 seconds 920,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDbE0Wy39U0	LEVEI MINHA MAE PARA ANDAR COM O AUDI DO EDU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,567,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWsT2m6yNv4	DESAFIO √âPICO DO TRAVESSAO LOIROS X MORENOS  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 2,347,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TpOjiT5g0Y	COLOQUEI UM MATA CACHORRO NA MINHA MOTO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 533,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzrPFsDEfdA	ACHEI UMA ARMA DENTRO DA SAVEIRO üò±  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 931,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVJMPDBAcps	GASTEI 2.100 REAIS EM ROUPA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 261,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WJbAzpY4Zk	REBAIXEI O CARRO DO MEU PAI SEM ELE SABER  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 1,534,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ys_25VbNaeQ	LEVEI MEU PAI PARA ANDAR COM O AUDI DO EDU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 898,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss1KJ-SF8Fo	MEU CARRO NOVO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 1,020,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtNEW5xzChk	CORTANDO  UMA GARRAFA DE VIDRO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 2,171,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXSGr6-R9qo	ACABOU O CARRO DA BREAKMEN ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 733,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErZmVP4zypY	MINHA PRIMEIRA TATUAGEM - (TORTURA) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 607,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af9iEY5IZS0	EXPLODIU O MOTOR DA MINHA MOTO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 565,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghdSVGkmgic	PORTUGA DESTRUIU O GOLETA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 1,936,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCv5pH5RYN4	COMEMORANDO 1 MILH√ÉO DE INSCRITOS COM A BREAKMEN üåΩ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 565,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGxQMj_fHNE	TROCAR O GOLETA PELA AUDI ? ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 9 minutes, 53 seconds 538,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLVs7l7KPKY	TROQUEI A SUSPENS√ÉO DO GOLETA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 749,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyStJYe-PXs	A PIOR DEPILA√á√ÉO DA MINHA VIDA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 290,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2XFuJsYOmQ	CRIEI O GOLETA DA BREAKMEN  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 617,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8lvhd1XaP0	GOLETA MAIS BAIXO DO MUNDO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 462,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNvCSqoNcqc	ROLE DE  POP 100 NA PRAIA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 246,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTqYYPLu-ks	TROCA OU N√ÉO TROCA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 557,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1W-Z83aO5iM	ROLE DE R1 - GRAU DE XJ6 NA PRAIA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 541,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uj2z3Kmbi-Y	PASSEI KATCHUP NO CABELO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 286,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShmKFQTBD2o	VIAGEM PRA BALNEARIO -  PLATINEI MEU CABELO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,003,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5ri0oZSprI	SAIU LEITE DO MOTOR DO GOLETA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 465,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDYARiznYUo	BATI O CARRO DO MEU PAI - PISCINA DA BREAKMEN ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 715,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrO4O6Y1iKo	PATINETE CABULOSO FALECEU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 445,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxauw9BbZ4Y	GUERRA DE BEXIGA D'AGUA NA PISCINA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 1,272,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmeexVNN73Y	LAVAGEM CHAVE NO GOLETA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 428,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OHZjiBNV9Y	DESAFIO √âPICO COM CARRO EM MOVIMENTO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 1 second 1,003,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsz1MK1n3-U	FALTOU O GOLETA , ULTIMO ENCONTRO DE CARROS DO ANO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 335,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZszSMDY9gg	JOGANDO BOLA NA CHUVA - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 498,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YntilcOsMYE	FELIZ NATAL !!! by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 475,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhgKdTyRNo8	MANOBRA √âPICA COM PI√ÉO - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 1,665,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Syi-qrIk6e8	CARROS DE TODOS OS GOSTOS  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 5 minutes, 51 seconds 208,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4HFLY6WPgI	SOLTANDO PIPA  - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 1,741,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EgRzfx-vGQ	TERMINEI A REFORMA DA MINHA MOTO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 15 minutes 655,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac6Ay0MzK0k	FIZ UM CARRINHO DE ROLIM√É - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 1,307,513 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKfd605NtS0	REFORMANDO MINHA MOTO INTEIRA - #FOR√áACHAPE ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 638,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOQaTIKHLQ4	VIREI UM DOS SETE AN√ïES  - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 177,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxy9HW8-f5c	FUI PARADO NA BLITS COM O GOLETA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 1,171,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQBRMSxNtZg	CAMPEONATO DE EMBAIXADINHA - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 5,833,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLquGy8K9BU	COLOQUEI RODAS 13 NO GOLETA E OLHA NO QUE DEU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 839,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQNoETlR7pY	JOGANDO BOLINHA DE GUDE - BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 1,035,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8wKf7NoYuI	INVADI O CAMARIM DO CANTOR  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 187,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOn8PqMG0C4	FIZ UM POLIMENTO ZICA NO GOLETA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 9 seconds 893,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7qZTKELKKk	CHURRASCO PESADO NA LANCHA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 867,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prFxZLE0GPU	ENCONTREI  UM PALHA√áO NO MEIO DA VIAGEM  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 1,106,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_Ds-c2X6BA	RECEBI UMA ENCOMENDA MUITO ZICA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 465,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8hSv9EbUJ0	ESCORREGANDO NO SAB√ÉO / BRINCADEIRA DE CRIAN√áA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 9 minutes, 14 seconds 850,855 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPV4X1BSD8Y	TIREI O ENVELOPAMENTO DO TETO DO GOLETA E OLHA NO QUE DEU  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 1,099,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXxlupFfVkQ	DESMONTEI MINHA MOTO INTEIRA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 416,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nLYAui91cQ	BALADA E ALINHANDO O GOLETA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 436,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg1oJ5xfHIg	VIREI UM SERVENTE DE PEDREIRO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 15 minutes 505,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP1BgmPvvFQ	PATINETE CABULOSO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 1,144,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAMIZSThWA8	QUEBREI O PEITO DE A√áO DO GOLETA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 3 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 390,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mgks8vPv-Q	FUI COM T√äNIS DE CRIAN√áA NA BALADA E OLHA NO QUE DEU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 585,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLS53o5cMWM	CACHORRO ME MORDEU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 849,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1qCCfkzhBU	ACABOU O KINDER OVO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 1,277,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLTTZVzx8uU	USEI A LIXADEIRA NO GOLETA   ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 219,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNxSs0ePvTM	TENTEI EMPINAR DE MEIOTA   ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 492,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK0js6tSVxg	VIREI UM TATUADOR PROFISSIONAL ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 575,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgy4mCpx11c	TROQUEI AS RODAS DO GOLETA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 723,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKO5Sw2GYiE	ANDEI DE CB 1000 A 216 KM/H‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 314,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhuaHm3VE-4	DESAFIO DO GOL OL√çMPICO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 617,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWckJOZw-RI	BOQUINHA TENTOU ME BEIJAR , CHURRASCO PESADO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 242,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJQf9iDgOT8	ROLETEI DE XT 660  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 524,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvly0IxzM3A	FUTEBOL COM YOUTUBERS  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 1,192,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9o3_i26FkU	TROLANDO MINHA M√ÉE  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 1,273,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAWESWcdSWA	COMO O GOLETA FOI ENVELOPADO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 495,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2lSroU7Lwc	MEU CARRO VIROU UM KINDER OVO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 348,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIw2ENa7JNE	MACHUQUEI MEU P√â (MULETA, MINHA MELHOR AMIGA)‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 361,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nydc5MfrJmA	ACELERANDO FORTE A XJ6  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 899,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz0LTWJuH1A	APREENDERAM O DOCUMENTO DO CELTA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 715,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2VjwENzF1g	TIVE QUE SAIR COM O CARRO NA CONTRA M√ÉO, ROLE ZIKA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 401,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Mgn0dFkstI	ROLE COM MINHA MOTO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 436,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xItgfkFwc8	REBAIXEI SEM O DONO DO CARRO SABER ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 3,079,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05JvgROwtpY	REALIZEI UM SONHO , ROLE DE HORNET‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 623,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9vbjj-JzRk	PINTEI A RODA DO MEU CARRO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 855,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTIXNYSRSyQ	REBAIXEI MAIS MEU CARRO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 875,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEtai9JxDAg	GANHEI UMA CUECA DE ELEFANTE  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 441,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU2TixP2MPg	ESSE √â MEU CARRO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 725,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJBKkw2VraI	MINHA PLAYLIST DE FUNK . (TENHO O V√î MAIS CHAVE) ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 489,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCrUeD7ZDfM	FUI NO DENTISTA E OLHA NO QUE DEU ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes 207,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOKrj78O61w	BATERAM NO CARRO DO EDU KOF ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 701,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GKvFaSLqp8	ENTREI EM UM COLCH√ÉO DE √ÅGUA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 967,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9axoXTbBCls	EVENTO DE CARRO REBAIXADO  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 1,701,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gCcS3OAWMQ	TIRANDO TUSK DO T√âDIO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 1,583,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVEhayT5F94	SPRAY DE FOGO NA CANELA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 1,744,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOkPAhvEQkw	TAG PINGA PONG  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 1,609,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr6EtmOL6uI	TAG JOCKEY POW ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 22 seconds 266,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLVMn69Hku4	EL√ÅSTICO NA CARA  ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 7 seconds 247,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJD6NXFswgI	AIRSOFT - FALE QUALQUER COISA ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 954,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYXZotKN9WU	ESTILINGUE PAINTBALL - UMA PALAVRA UMA MUSICA ‚ô™ ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 1,108,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHuYqi-OvY8	DISPUTA DO TRAVESS√ÉO ‚Äπ Danilo Crespo ‚Ä∫ by Danilo Crespo 4 years ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 4,607,303 views
