https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01M1mNEVlik	SI PUÒ GIOCARE CON UN MAC DA 4000€? by GiampyTek 2 days ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 193,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToM66PzmCEY	LA MIA MIGLIORE PARTITA DA IMPOSTORE! - Among Us by GiampyTek 4 days ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 321,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtAKFmf9vuw	PROVIAMO A FAR VINCERE MURRY SU FALL GUYS! by GiampyTek 6 days ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 170,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUpXlZodirs	SONO SEMPRE L'IMPOSTORE!! - Among Us by GiampyTek 1 week ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 473,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hugq9PgnDgk	NON RIESCO A RECUPERARE IL MIO ACCOUNT! - Brawl Stars ITA #7 by GiampyTek 1 week ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 156,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5-MviNzOa8	ABBIAMO VINTO 2000$ AL TWITCH RIVALS DI FALL GUYS! by GiampyTek 1 week ago 18 minutes 321,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=if7tffY5Fi0	COSA SUCCEDE SE PROVI A FOTOCOPIARE UN GRATTA E VINCI? by GiampyTek 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 214,630 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9dfMpkqrdo	PREZZO E DATA DI PS5! LA MIA REAZIONE ALL'EVENTO! by GiampyTek 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 193,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGfJQTYXRTQ	VINCO GRAZIE AI CONSIGLI DI MIKESHOWSHA! - Fall Guys by GiampyTek 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 206,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UQ9Vomko08	HO MODIFICATO IL MIO NUOVO MAC!! (Finito quasi male) by GiampyTek 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 207,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7tQt44xi44	IL MIO NUOVO MAC DA 4000€! by GiampyTek 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 287,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7YBrHFZtdc	ECCO CHI MI HA RUBATO L'ACCOUNT DI BRAWL STARS!! (Maledetto) by GiampyTek 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 406,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tkLRPiNZ8o	LA MIA RAGAZZA GIOCA A FALL GUYS PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by GiampyTek 3 weeks ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 211,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJk-_anVWV0	SONO STATO SCAMMATO ANCHE DALLA MIA BANCA! by GiampyTek 1 month ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 155,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBpU_t8Wm5o	FIDANZATA vs MIGLIORE AMICO: Chi mi conosce di più? by GiampyTek 1 month ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 196,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrP3Gx073Sc	PS5 e XBOX SERIES X ADDIO! NVIDIA DISTRUGGE TUTTI! (Reazione evento live) by GiampyTek 1 month ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 162,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJIeQSbt3NQ	HO TROVATO TUTTI I BRAWLER CROMATICI! - Brawl Stars ITA #5 by GiampyTek 1 month ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 208,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJY0Xy5JWX0	NUOVE MAPPE E SKIN SU FALL GUYS! (Season 2 svelata UFFICIALMENTE) by GiampyTek 1 month ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 141,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pns3c3KMWj8	PORTO MURRY IN FINALE SU FALL GUYS E CI SFIDIAMO! (1 vs 1) by GiampyTek 1 month ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 311,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR0Rc18VuTM	FINALMENTE APRO IL MIO NUOVO CLUB!! - Brawl Stars ITA #4 by GiampyTek 1 month ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 199,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sv-9HBGSkHI	MIKESHOWSHA MI RUBA LA CORONA IN FINALE!! - Fall Guys by GiampyTek 1 month ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 411,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuxN5CsG7UM	SONO STATO SCAMMATO DALLA APPLE. by GiampyTek 1 month ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 335,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuNT_jPcE8o	SHOPPO 100€ E TROVO UN BRAWLER LEGGENDARIO! - Brawl Stars ITA #3 by GiampyTek 1 month ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 221,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kqN0s31rw4	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER DAL TITOLO DEI VIDEO! by GiampyTek 1 month ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 153,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNBqgVSHYU8	GIOCO A FALL DUDES 3D! by GiampyTek 1 month ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 282,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3mhJ8Dwt18	FALL GUYS ROVINERÀ LE TUE AMICIZIE! w/ Murry & Mike by GiampyTek 1 month ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 357,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFjfs9cR-74	SI RITORNA A SHOPPARE SU BRAWL STARS! - Brawl Stars ITA #2 by GiampyTek 1 month ago 9 minutes, 50 seconds 301,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD6jVEPH1JI	TUTTI I MIEI VIDEO CON IL BOLLINO GIALLO! by GiampyTek 1 month ago 9 minutes, 59 seconds 136,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyY6k64FE-U	NON HAI MAI VISTO UN PORTATILE DA GAMING COSÌ... by GiampyTek 1 month ago 16 minutes 264,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFuV6yOSI1U	SE RIESCI A SCAPPARE VINCI! GTA 5 ONLINE! w/ Mike & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 2 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 226,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjyitldJ4W8	VI MOSTRO LA MIA CASA DOMOTICA! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 16 minutes 418,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjEGIbEwPh4	RICOMINCIO TUTTO DA CAPO! - Brawl Stars ITA #1 by GiampyTek 2 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 347,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZtIftOCwpU	OGNI DONAZIONE: BEVI UNA BIRRA! - SCHERZI AGLI STREAMER by GiampyTek 2 months ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 441,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9E_KCX73-SQ	UNBOXING SMART PER LA MIA CASA DOMOTICA! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 168,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXNS6Ow9_BQ	SCELGO IL MIO OUTFIT DA BENDATO! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 131,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnIHqcJOX_Y	SCHERZO ALLA MIA RAGAZZA MENTRE REGISTRIAMO! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 241,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4TdCkng7J8	NON CE N'É COVIDDI by GiampyTek 2 months ago 9 minutes, 25 seconds 505,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_QqjOK8vRc	PALERMO RIALZATI (Cosa è successo e perchè) by GiampyTek 2 months ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 428,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgJciu95JyA	REGALO UNA RTX2080TI A MURRY!! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 254,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwXmNZWx-9w	CHI RIMANE VIVO... VINCE!! (GTA 5 LTS) w/ Murry, S7ORMy & Mike by GiampyTek 2 months ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 232,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ONAmEygrhw	LEGGO LE RECENSIONI ASSURDE SUL GIOCO DELLA CREW! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 117,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzm474wB5T0	RESTAURA UNA PS1 COMPLETAMENTE DISTRUTTA by GiampyTek 2 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 232,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRmNZeW0pTg	QUIZ DOPPIO: LAUREATO vs DISOCCUPATO! by GiampyTek 2 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 258,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYHXGosZxEU	APRO UN PACCO ARRIVATO DALL' AMERICA! by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 159,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mkPthG55ww	IL DESTINO DELL'ITALIA É NELLE MIE MANI! (non benissimo) by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 110,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdJ5RZMP7Yg	HO COMPRATO UNA PS4... Nel 2020 by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 453,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQMepqlJSBk	PS5 vs XBOX SERIES X! I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI by GiampyTek 3 months ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 109,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY3df6bvOx0	CI RIPRENDIAMO MENTRE DORMIAMO! con la MIA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 3 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 603,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ58cGaYj2c	Questo video NON dovevo PUBBLICARLO! (GTA 5 finito male) by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 149,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4mhV2T7nRE	LA BOMBI O LA PASSI? w/ YOUTUBERS TRASFORMATI in DONNE! by GiampyTek 3 months ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 162,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CefuSgDXDk	HO MODIFICATO LA MIA PS4! by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 656,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDU8VH2oSEY	HO SCOPERTO DI ESSERE MALATO (Più o meno) by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 210,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMg3lzCdy-g	EVENTO COMPLETO FORTNITE "DOOMSDAY" (La mia reazione) by GiampyTek 3 months ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 112,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZPOCbiqncc	I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI SULLA NUOVA PLAYSTATION 5! by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 336,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6Snups0HQE	LA MIA REAZIONE ALLA PLAYSTATION 5! (Evento LIVE) by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 338,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSeaDVxglEI	CONVIVIAMO DA 3 MESI - Come è andata? by GiampyTek 3 months ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 279,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mB3VGJPbSg	NON PENSAVO POTESSE FUNZIONARE DAVVERO... by GiampyTek 3 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 272,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9ELWOIS-LY	UN PROBLEMA INASPETTATO... GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Mike, S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 3 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 169,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_yrBYRSl2c	A CHE ETÀ... Con LA MIA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 3 months ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 471,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okG_RnO-Ovk	HO AIUTATO DEGLI STREAMER CON 0 SPETTATORI! by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 601,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndsfoE6jQuY	CERCO TALENTI INUTILI TRA I MIEI FAN! con MURRY! by GiampyTek 4 months ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 233,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQMX_5A-6p4	OGGI É UN GIORNO TRISTE...  GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Mike, Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 187,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMn1CoazJ3c	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA... Parte 7 by GiampyTek 4 months ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 395,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TxymDAKqis	LA MIGLIORE MOD GRAFICA DI GTA 5! (nemmeno GTA 6 può fare meglio) by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 277,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aemiMLqjZRw	COSA FARESTI SE... con MURRY! by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 275,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ab2_BEDqOc	ANCHE IO HO SCELTO ROMA. - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 4 months ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 246,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiO1qf50jd0	MI HANNO TRUFFATO... by GiampyTek 4 months ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 360,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB1FVk0n1Ls	PARLIAMO. by GiampyTek 4 months ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 263,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qL8PD-y87A	PROVO MINECRAFT IN SICILIANO!! by GiampyTek 4 months ago 9 minutes, 22 seconds 452,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nzQ1Wxx-tU	ECCO QUANTO GUADAGNO IN 1 MESE CON YOUTUBE by GiampyTek 4 months ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 227,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjZXdZgCW48	HO ORDINATO DEI COCKTAIL ONLINE! - Sono buoni? by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 122,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7blSHcoe3Ks	LA MIA CLASSIFICA DEGLI YOUTUBERS... Trash by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 139,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWrsCpSdI60	PORTO I MIEI AMICI SUL WALLRIDE BRASILIANO! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ S7ORMy, Mike & Murry by GiampyTek 4 months ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 223,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1ms95In7jQ	UNBOXING CHE MIGLIORERÀ IL MIO STUDIO by GiampyTek 4 months ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 238,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALD9QOkNEtc	SONO USCITO DOPO 55 GIORNI DI QUARANTENA! by GiampyTek 4 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 171,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4azFkRsJW4	MIKESHOWSHA RACCONTA DELLA SUA LISTA NERA - Uno w/Murry & Mike by GiampyTek 5 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 101,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0qdxpoOxP8	PROVO I LIFE HACK NELLA VITA REALE #9 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 5 months ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 320,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzrMkkorn_k	MEME *CONGIUNTE* DALLO STATO ITALIANO (Meme divertenti Fase 2) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 92,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTr9R6lnxA0	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 13 by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 216,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ndef9kyTRTA	UN HACKER ENTRA SU GTA 5 MENTRE GIOCHIAMO! Guardate che succede!! by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 235,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMCmhjAhamM	EVENTO COMPLETO FORTNITE X TRAVIS SCOTT! (Miglior evento epic) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 209,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0da2l99s2rc	CHE FINE HA FATTO GTA 6? (Immagini LEAK & Trailer NON ufficiale) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 234,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXOD83vrqH4	IL VIDEO PIÙ CENSURATO DI YOUTUBE! - Cards Against Humanity w/iNoob & Murry by GiampyTek 5 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 165,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVxXdHn2uZQ	EX ON THE BEACH 2! DENISE FINALMENTE SI "SCIOGLIE" - Sesta Puntata by GiampyTek 5 months ago 17 minutes 89,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFWBFPsjeMc	20 INDOVINELLI CHE TI FARANNO IMPAZZIRE! - Brain Out by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 82,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VM_74VRD0HI	IL NUOVO MINECRAFT È FINALMENTE ARRIVATO! by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 151,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xaXwJ0VJc4	DISSING TRA YOUTUBER! (GTA 5 Online w/Mike, Murry & S7ORMy) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 183,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBkO3gW7ieA	SE VINCE MURRY IL VIDEO FINISCE... (UNO) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 132,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8hZvgOV7_Q	UNBOXING GIGANTE IN QUARANTENA! by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 302,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gnx7cMk3bSc	EX ON THE BEACH 2: REAZIONE ALLA QUINTA PUNTATA! (Litigio tra donne) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 131,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss-geyBZMgk	ALEXA DECIDE COSA MANGIO PER 24 ORE! by GiampyTek 5 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 305,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7XASfd4Zu4	VI INSEGNO A SPACCIARE! (Drug Dealer Simulator) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 161,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GH4MrbEvdb4	SE ARRIVO PRIMO IL VIDEO FINISCE! (GTA 5 ONLINE con Murry & S7ORMy) by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 221,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu4MDE4VJ3w	COCA COLA vs SPRITE: QUALE "SUONA" MEGLIO? by GiampyTek 5 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 313,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eoq0frTQ6MY	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA... Parte 6 by GiampyTek 5 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 285,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIswW03pJzo	LO RIFACCIAMO DOPO 10 ANNI! 1v1 SU COD vs MURRY by GiampyTek 6 months ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 328,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBV_30PMsZ8	SE BESTEMMIAMO IL VIDEO FINISCE! (GTA 5 ONLINE) by GiampyTek 6 months ago 3 minutes, 5 seconds 218,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDNN2jG-Rms	PROVO LA COLAZIONE DELLO CHEF BRUNO BARBIERI by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 248,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQNSJSECmrQ	INTERVISTA DOPPIA CON DANNY LAZZARIN: PALESTRATO VS NON PALESTRATO by GiampyTek 6 months ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 612,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOYJEsMy9lE	SE PARLO IL VIDEO FINISCE (Livello difficile) by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 464,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jI9aXuauMuI	EX ON THE BEACH 2: REAZIONE ALLA QUARTA PUNTATA! (Panico in villa) by GiampyTek 6 months ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 341,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_-n9vuulbs	GTA 5... MA DEI SIMPSON! by GiampyTek 6 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 347,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tr_yQRN1_Q	GIOCO AL NUOVO UNO CON I MIEI AMICI!! w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 6 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 147,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zciuP4nDqw8	PROVO I LIFE HACK NELLA VITA REALE #8 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 6 months ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 322,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-_DB_eLALo	LE AUTODICHIARAZIONI PIÙ ASSURDE!! by GiampyTek 6 months ago 11 minutes 135,679 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhfbV8AxZEQ	LA MIA RAGAZZA GIOCA AD "AVANTI UN ALTRO" (Gioco finale) by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 214,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxhU_rUIgNc	RISPONDO A CICCIOGAMER89 by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 397,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHGyf1LNUts	IL NUOVO GAMEBOY DELLA SUPREME!! by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 131,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyQuLnU0hrM	EX ON THE BEACH 2: REAZIONE ALLA TERZA PUNTATA! (Litigi tra donne) by GiampyTek 6 months ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 335,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsrBIO9CgNw	PRIMA SETTIMANA DI QUARANTENA: I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI! by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 115,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmWIvsBln8I	L’AUTOPILOTA DELLA TESLA PUÒ NON INFRANGERE LA LEGGE SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 6 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 328,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iu3PdXzbblY	UNO IN QUARANTENA CON I MIEI AMICI! w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 196,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1MwVY1nViQ	PROVO I LIFE HACKS DI TIK TOK NELLA VITA REALE #7 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 6 months ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 567,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb5HVKKfDAQ	WINDOWS 10 SU MINECRAFT FUNZIONANTE!! by GiampyTek 6 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 194,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8ZsPRRG6Wk	EX ON THE BEACH 2: REAZIONE ALLA SECONDA PUNTATA! (Primi amori e...) by GiampyTek 6 months ago 15 minutes 350,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBqFhyO8M58	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER DALLA SUA CASA! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 371,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aD-dT7Yj1as	PROVO I LIFE HACK NELLA VITA REALE #6 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 7 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 901,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVSOs9-SoSQ	PROVO I FILTRI DI INSTAGRAM SUGLI YOUTUBERS! by GiampyTek 7 months ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 116,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCqK9E26JT0	LA SCOPA CHE STA IN EQUILIBRIO! Succede ogni 3500 anni? by GiampyTek 7 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 170,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0934KZS4P0	C0R0NAVIRUS: I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI DEL WEB!! (Sdrammatizziamo) by GiampyTek 7 months ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 314,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9AH8WEi1Gc	EX ON THE BEACH 2: REAZIONE ALLA PRIMA PUNTATA! (Trash assoluto) by GiampyTek 7 months ago 14 minutes, 39 seconds 320,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VG2j-8JFVMo	PROVO I LIFE HACKS NELLA VITA REALE #5 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 7 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 739,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGs_QLfAkuE	I "MURALES" PIÙ DIVERTENTI DI SEMPRE! by GiampyTek 7 months ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 120,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhO1gdG_0V8	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE: REAZIONE ALLA FINALE (Assurda) by GiampyTek 7 months ago 15 minutes 559,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7twozd4Aoo	RITORNO SU FORTNITE DOPO MESI! FINALMENTE SEASON 2 CAPITOLO 2! by GiampyTek 7 months ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 284,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASw3levCkqU	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA... Parte 5 by GiampyTek 7 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 287,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PSGQ4PyXkc	REGALO 50€ OGNI 5 MINUTI DI GARA SU GTA 5 ONLINE!! w/ S7ORMy Brazo & Murry by GiampyTek 7 months ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 251,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9xb2U_X1T4	L'HO FATTO vs NON L'HO MAI FATTO! Con le nostre RAGAZZE! by GiampyTek 7 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 961,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFhgyXJ05qg	PROVO I LIFE HACKS NELLA VITA REALE #4 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 7 months ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 551,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw_Y7TKkuRU	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE: REAZIONE ALLA QUINTA PUNTATA (Semifinale!!) by GiampyTek 7 months ago 16 minutes 219,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCrBxQ6ZKPI	HO REGALATO UNA MACCHINA A MIO PADRE! by GiampyTek 7 months ago 26 minutes 1,046,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kh_tM6cucEI	MORGAN E BUGO A SANREMO 2020: I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI DEL WEB by GiampyTek 7 months ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 216,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGzzb6rBjEE	RITORNIAMO SU GTA 5 ONLINE DOPO 2 ANNI! w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 7 months ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 264,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIV1SGpBWl4	PROVO I LIFE HACKS NELLA VITA REALE #3 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 7 months ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 817,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=378tpxu-9UA	HO RIMOSSO I FRENI DI TUTTE LE AUTO SU GTA 5!! (Panico totale) by GiampyTek 8 months ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 1,350,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjGEb5Rmy7w	I SIMPSON AVEVANO PREVISTO TUTTO... by GiampyTek 8 months ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 846,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_oeg0UNyE0	LA CANZONE DEL CONTE MAZZONI! - LA NOSTRA REAZIONE! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 218,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuQYNwrvCTs	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE: REAZIONE ALLA QUARTA PUNTATA! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 22 minutes 418,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldifmIlwf8c	PROVO I LIFE HACKS NELLA VITA REALE #2 - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 8 months ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 751,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5fk8FYtGPs	LA MIA RAGAZZA RIFÀ IL TEST DELLA PATENTE DOPO 3 ANNI! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 84,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUpLi8Ojp7s	FORTNITE È MORTO! ULTIMO EPISODIO DELLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE... by GiampyTek 8 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 136,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stk16MjT_Nc	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE: REAZIONE ALLA TERZA PUNTATA! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 16 minutes 600,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSDQQ-cKNPY	HO PERSO GLI AMICI PER QUESTO VIDEO! - UNO w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 8 months ago 15 minutes 235,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itWSjxZL13I	PROVO I LIFE HACKS NELLA VITA REALE - Funzionano? by GiampyTek 8 months ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 746,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS3GTiJN_uU	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA... Parte 4 by GiampyTek 8 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 362,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVOqdxz1QdI	IL NUOVO GTA 6 POTREBBE ESSERE COSÌ... by GiampyTek 8 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 426,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pod4RH2u2U	LA PUPA E IL SECCHIONE: REAZIONE PRIMA E SECONDA PUNTATA by GiampyTek 8 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 238,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdCHByvSyK0	SE RIDO: DONO! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 169,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IplEvCMba50	REAGISCO AGLI STREAMER CON 0 SPETTATORI! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 138,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dssKZ8f1Peo	LE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE DEL CAPITOLO 2 DI FORTNITE! #43 by GiampyTek 8 months ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 123,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2AzKMr0W94	FACCIO L'ESAME DEL QUOZIENTE INTELLETTIVO! by GiampyTek 8 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 128,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhuSxveScXk	COME SOPRAVVIVERE ALLA TERZA GUE*RA MONDIALE (#WW3) by GiampyTek 8 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 299,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_GTeW5Kjk	LO SCHIAFFO DI PAPA FRANCESCO: I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI DEL WEB! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 240,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh3d19bBkcU	TI HANNO RUBATO IL TELEFONO!! - SCHERZO DI CAPODANNO A MURRY! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 625,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MKlW0DSNGY	MANGIO SOLO PANDORO PER 24 ORE! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 146,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so0VWhKxIbo	CORTANA VS AMAZON ALEXA! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 197,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sE3cuQa9Os	LIFE HACKS SCOLASTICI CHE DEVI SAPERE! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 223,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxPQ7vCj_1g	QUESTO COSTA PIÙ DEL NUOVO MAC PRO!! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 310,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YAl1LmNvTU	MURRY RIFÀ IL QUIZ DELLA PATENTE DOPO 7 ANNI! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 168,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixUrqMY-fJ0	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA... Parte 3 by GiampyTek 9 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 386,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOD8g7oX-zY	ESPLORO UNA CASA ABBANDONATA DA 30 ANNI... by GiampyTek 9 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 156,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M78rdfwshsg	I FAN MI RACCONTANO IL LORO PEGGIOR NATALE! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 110,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xng8Iw0g9tI	PROVO LE TERME PIÙ FAMOSE AL MONDO! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 110,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYyyP-TEO0E	LE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE DEL CAPITOLO 2 DI FORTNITE! #42 by GiampyTek 9 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 215,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t7vCQf5ow4	REAGISCO AI TIK TOK DEI VIP! (cringe) by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 451,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5-xp52Pmcc	IL MAC PRO PIÙ COSTOSO DI SEMPRE!! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 380,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7gbvGpcG4Q	PROVA A NON RIDERE #16 w/ @xMurry by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 145,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Don3aMr4Iww	PROVO LA CARBONARA IN UNGHERIA! by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 86,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfUwphGtMkY	IL VIDEO CON PIÙ DISLIKE DELLA STORIA DI YOUTUBE!! (Di nuovo) by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 192,352 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Awlqmw3bDt0	QUESTA DEVO PROPRIO RACCONTARVELA! (Record di sfiga in un solo giorno) by GiampyTek 9 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 193,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4lKYrZ0jEI	UN NUTELLA BISCUIT GIGANTESCO!! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 248,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lg9VwCl7Ys	MANGIO NEL RISTORANTE PIÙ VOTATO DI BUDAPEST! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 119,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elJdpGWLqfI	LE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE DEL CAPITOLO 2 DI FORTNITE! #41 by GiampyTek 10 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 331,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkBrpD5mKMk	1500€ DI UNBOXING DEL BLACK FRIDAY! (I miei acquisti) by GiampyTek 10 months ago 15 minutes 229,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ns-R6sJQQY	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLA SESTA ED ULTIMA PUNTATA!! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 16 minutes 471,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIetvx1UcQo	PROVO TUTTO LO STREET FOOD DI BUDAPEST! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 80,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjDm__svzjI	SONO ANDATO A VIVERE DA SOLO PER 5 MESI! Ecco cosa è successo... by GiampyTek 10 months ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 126,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5D6UaDPk5A	GIOCO CON DREFGOLD A PES 2020! (Sfidiamo RKOMI, Tredici Pietro) by GiampyTek 10 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 266,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhezMCBiJRI	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLA QUINTA PUNTATA!! (Addio Dorelfi) by GiampyTek 10 months ago 16 minutes 738,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCiYQCJaffU	PROVO IL NUOVO GOOGLE STADIA IN ANTEPRIMA! (Founders Edition) by GiampyTek 10 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 123,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHIZBiFPyvQ	DESCRIVI CON UNA PAROLA... UNO YOUTUBER w/ iNoob by GiampyTek 10 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 395,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fxjq9uJTmc	LE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE DEL CAPITOLO 2 DI FORTNITE! #40 by GiampyTek 10 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 253,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWIiHdBydzE	MANGIO SOLO STREET FOOD CATANESE PER 24 ORE! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 206,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRMjC7TAXGc	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLA QUARTA PUNTATA! (Prime Esplulsioni) by GiampyTek 10 months ago 19 minutes 700,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp0f3ORWX2U	REAZIONE ALLE MIE VECCHIE STORIE INSTAGRAM! (Ridicolo) by GiampyTek 10 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 83,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccv54QW5U_U	GENITORE 1 E GENITORE 2: I MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI DEL WEB! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 322,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npoOW4qS3zg	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLA TERZA PUNTATA! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 21 minutes 620,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSWTxrnoGyA	OLIMPIADI ILLUMINATE by GiampyTek 10 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 393,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=764pNxTJTHc	CUCINARE IN STAFFETTA: TIRAMISÙ AL PISTACCHIO!! by GiampyTek 10 months ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 116,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv9WOpE2NIU	LE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE DEL CAPITOLO 2 DI FORTNITE! #39 by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 265,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJX9FyzIDkw	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 12 by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 320,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWHK2B1nLPI	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLA SECONDA PUNTATA! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 22 minutes 1,075,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBFoLMTrqec	IL MIO NUOVO UFFICIO DA YOUTUBER! (Versione 2019) by GiampyTek 11 months ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 242,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrWZE5zxR9s	REAZIONE ALLE MEME SULLE NUOVE AIRPODS PRO! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 270,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QnFWY8hAN0	ASPETTAVO QUESTO MOMENTO DA 10 ANNI! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 140,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOvbK0gv-nQ	COSE CHE DOVREBBERO INVENTARE IMMEDIATAMENTE!! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 274,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgso8YSWpnE	MI HANNO MANDATO UN PACCO MISTERIOSO DA 2000€ by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 292,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpnlckSST3k	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLA PRIMA PUNTATA! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 1,120,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hvzx4oi_Fk	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA... Parte 2 by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 525,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODcAAZNENi8	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE ALLE BACKSTORIES! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 880,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYgslSbaXlM	LE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE DEL CAPITOLO 2 DI FORTNITE! #38 by GiampyTek 11 months ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 415,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVgPoQLvooI	IL COLLEGIO 4: REAZIONE AI NUOVI PROVINI!! (Imbarazzanti) by GiampyTek 11 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 434,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf3mEK6ms5w	MANGIO SOLO STREET FOOD PALERMITANO PER 24H! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 541,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltqQ4cVG3KI	REAZIONE ALLE MEME SUL BUCO NERO DI FORTNITE! w/ S7ORMy by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 137,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj6_VoBltjA	100€ SE TI TAGLI I CAPELLI! - SCHERZI AGLI STREAMER by GiampyTek 11 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 679,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USoTrUjUs0w	LA MIA RAGAZZA REAGISCE AL COLLEGIO 4! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 297,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNJVPN5cGug	MANGIO SOLO CIBO NERO PER 24 ORE!! by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 280,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKsgdkNlPzA	NON BERE DALLA CANNUCCIA SBAGLIATA! (Versione ESTREMA) w/ S7ORMy & Nick by GiampyTek 11 months ago 16 minutes 471,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcS39HrET1Q	MI HANNO ELIMINATO L'ACCOUNT DI BRAWL STARS!! (RIP 700€ spesi) by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 684,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvbTuuoGS9w	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #37 by GiampyTek 11 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 99,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psjs97Ky53U	REAZIONE ALLO STONKS MEME! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 198,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uYsAGsOCAo	AZOTO LIQUIDO VS BATTERIA!! (Esperimenti con l'Azoto Liquido) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 246,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOim7G2nDP8	QUANDO SONO STATI INVENTATI QUESTI OGGETTI? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 101,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgz5Zj3YllQ	PROVA A NON RIDERE #15 w/ S7ORMy (Speciale TRASH ITALIANO) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 206,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EwQEyOmimc	LE PERSONE PIÙ STUPIDE DEL MONDO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 673,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phzUdLc2nJI	UN PRO PLAYER MI INSEGNA A GIOCARE SU MOBILE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 61,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_S4uC-q11GA	GIAMPYTEK vs MURRY SU PES 2020! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 204,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFFZILZXnlU	COSE CHE NON SAI A COSA SERVONO by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 361,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcE2ukM6cmE	INDOVINA LA CANZONE MORMORANDOLA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 389,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAKouG6et0c	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #36 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 174,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmcIHbbJg-w	Perchè butti 1600€? - RISPONDO ALLE CRITICHE SUL MIO IPHONE 11 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 380,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSr0ukchFXI	HO COMPRATO L'IPHONE 11 PRO MAX! (Unboxing e Prime Impressioni) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 631,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBVDMWMNZzc	PROVO IL NUOVO APPLE ARCADE IN ANTEPRIMA!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 16 minutes 125,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnsG6SQcYzI	FINTI INCIDENTI RIPRESI DALLE TELECAMERE! (finte truffe assicurative) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 445,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-eyvElCwL4	LA MIA RAGAZZA INDOVINA I SUONI DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 195,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo5w585shJM	LE DOMANDE DEGLI UOMINI ALLE DONNE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 865,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCYfczaw80o	REAZIONE AL NUOVO IPHONE 11! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 17 minutes 327,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFvNd1QIGn8	COSTRUISCONO UNA PISCINA GIGANTE NELLA LORO CASA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 296,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JvLj-dqBhQ	IL GALAXY FOLD É TORNATO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 196,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfRwPl1LcAE	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #35!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 322,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-CnPouXVF4	REAZIONE ALLA SAMARA CHALLENGE!! (Avvistamenti) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 22 seconds 699,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6chfazGlB0	MANGIO SOLO CIBO ROSA PER 24 ORE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 414,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhEyiUC-8UA	TROLLIAMO MATTEOHS IN LIVE SU FORTNITE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 19 minutes 557,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqrIHk4CSoQ	CI STAVANO PER ARRESTARE IN GERMANIA!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 16 minutes 197,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-SoZl4OhWg	INDOVINA LA MAPPA DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 81,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4TocdewS5Q	HO VINTO IO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 163,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGqnb2pPZs0	COSE ASSURDE TROVATE ALL'INTERNO DEL CORPO UMANO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 183,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOfTvy8qizE	SE DONO: 260KM SULLA CICLETTE!! - SCHERZI AGLI STREAMER by GiampyTek 1 year ago 17 minutes 1,326,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFzcAzNzDIE	PROVO IL NUOVO GIOCO DELLA SUPERCELL PER LA PRIMA VOLTA!! Rush Wars ITA by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 150,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQ0iK0vosDE	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #34! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 249,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhDFmLdQV-U	ESPERIMENTI CON L'AZOTO LIQUIDO CHE FANNO IMPAZZIRE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 979,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7nd-zaMT-I	E VOI... CHE TEAM SIETE? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 195,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6w40P2p3Oc	PROVO IL NUOVO MINECRAFT IN ANTEPRIMA!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 5 minutes, 25 seconds 429,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig-3kzK-SZo	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 11 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 843,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHANV5E17Y4	REAZIONE ALLE MIGLIORI KILL FATTE DA NINJA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 177,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcuxwgJXDvo	MANGIO SOLO CIBO BIANCO PER 24 ORE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 415,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MIcXl1Jlt4	LE MEME PIÚ DIVERTENTI SU ALBERTO ANGELA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 135,679 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Gnm6MWYptc	SCHERZO AD UNO STREAMER IN LIVE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 20 minutes 1,975,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZGH8b8li5A	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #23 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 166,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcUeOyZZ1Is	SE INDOVINI IL PREZZO TE LO COMPRO! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 580,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb2EZmTrYyM	CHIARIAMO UNA COSA: NON L'HO DETTO by GiampyTek 1 year ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 235,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A97NSy5L1Q0	SFIDA BOTTLE FLIP SU FORTNITE CON S7ORMY!! CHI PERDE REGALA UNA SKIN! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 461,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xORP6ctOzvg	CUCINARE SOTTO EFFETTO DI STUPEFACENTI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 183,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHizgwRMy_U	300 IQ KILL NELLA SEASON 10!! (Reazione Pro Player Fortnite) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 1 second 163,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nydIqCeeRvI	REAZIONE AGLI ITALIANI ALLA GUIDA!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 702,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KVMPTV_Cjs	FINALMENTE LA NUOVA STAGIONE È ARRIVATA! FORTNITE SEASON 10 by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 2 hours, 30 minutes 185,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLUgtUM5Xto	ECCO IL TRAILER DELLA SEASON 10 DI FORTNITE IN ANTEPRIMA!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 3 minutes, 26 seconds 176,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKV_bpnjBQQ	CIBI CHE ASSOMIGLIANO AD ALTRI CIBI (Food Illusion) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 297,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u9QHWq9uW0	CHI È PIÙ INTELLIGENTE NELLA COPPIA? -  Sapere è Potere by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 114,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkB1ZGX34wo	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #32 (Codice creatore rivelato) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 224,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWWm_3pnsHg	ENTRO NEL MIO ACCOUNT DI CLASH ROYALE DOPO 2 ANNI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 903,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTRVYjnidD0	CIBO NELLE PUBBLICITÀ vs REALTÀ by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 1,025,855 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMrnv29L3wA	ADDIO... by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 296,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCJKpk-Stf0	ASSAGGIO LA CARNE PIÙ COSTOSA DEL MONDO! (300€ al Kg) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 432,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqqXUh82B2Y	LA MIA REAZIONE ALL'EVENTO ROBOT vs MOSTRO DI FORTNITE! (Evento Completo) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 1 second 159,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxHfLiBEoi8	I MOMENTI PIÙ TRASH DELLA TV ITALIANA by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 223,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2Y4rHLhwE4	COME SAREBBERO GLI YOUTUBER DA ANZIANI? (Faceapp) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 254,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo-aYipcorE	BOTTLE CAP CHALLENGE! LA NUOVA MODA DELL'ESTATE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 258,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1f-Va2GM2I	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #31 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 202,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5B_k-Ibhi8	MANGIO SOLO CIBO ROSSO PER 24 ORE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 396,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loFpc7Zq5QI	INDOVINA LA CANZONE DALLE EMOJI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 163,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5pjslkG6cA	IL DUO LEGGENDARIO RITORNA SU BRAWL STARS!! w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 232,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeAxnmOQkv8	REAZIONE AI TRAILER DELLA SEASON 10 DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 260,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRQaErGQSi0	MI SONO DIMENTICATO DI PUBBLICARE QUESTO VIDEO! (Doveva uscire a Marzo) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 127,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtAyzvF_OyY	I CRIMINALI PIÙ STUPIDI DI SEMPRE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 309,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJHsK5mOVk8	L'EVOLUZIONE DI TUTTI I GTA!! DAL 1997 AL 2019 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 363,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owuFguPyxrA	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #30 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 197,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w58n3DkDyKY	MI HANNO RITIRATO LA PATENTE PER 1 MESE! Ecco perché... by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 219,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjyy60eFeBY	ENTRO NEL MIO ACCOUNT DI BRAWL STARS DOPO DUE MESI E... by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 738,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcHTT0vlMgk	GARE ILLUMINATE SU CRASH CTR w/ MikeShowSha & iNoob by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 136,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nkPiDSK-TM	VOI SIETE... PRO O CONTRO? - Sondaggi Instagram by GiampyTek 1 year ago 17 minutes 263,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=982MfDQ3dhA	REAZIONE AI PLAYER PIÙ "ANZIANI" SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 506,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BU7Wi1kYvg	LA CONSOLE PIÙ PICCOLA DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 122,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdzSr5CamVQ	LA MIA REAZIONE A DENIS DOSIO! (finalmente) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 266,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voscADp7-ws	QUESTO VIDEO VERRÀ BLOCCATO TRA POCHE ORE! (forse) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 298,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXCAk3esnHI	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #29 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 845,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw0f_V1co6c	IL PRIMO "VERO" VIDEO A CASA NUOVA!! (Spoiler home tour) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 151,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDKLhb1n1Vg	LE RECENSIONI PEGGIORI SU TRIP ADVISOR!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 96,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HztHcpck_ZY	PROVA A NON RIDERE #14 (IGNORANTISSIMA) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 743,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvPV8QLaM8I	CHE TIPO DI PALESTRATO SEI? w/ Maurizio Merluzzo & Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 729,346 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7CL30LrIac	REAZIONE ALLE GIOCATE DA 300 IQ SU FORTNITE! ( 300 IQ vs 0 IQ) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 600,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei2CvPpC75w	MANGIO SOLO CIBO GIALLO PER 24 ORE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 422,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hcZ6p_7PzA	REAZIONE ALLE MEME SUL NUOVO MAC PRO! (Mac Grattugia) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 341,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIATRYhdDpc	LA MIA RAGAZZA GUIDA DOPO 3 ANNI! (mi hanno ritirato la patente) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 273,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RkElbQuW6o	PUOI FARLO CON UNA MANO? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 230,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEQ8BUGND80	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #28 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 304,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srTTlPv_8a8	GTA 5 vs REAL LIFE CHALLENGE #5 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 570,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-KP4KA3plc	FA UN TEMA SU DI ME E PRENDE 4! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 387,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUGQZjYI5NM	NON HAI MAI VISTO UN GADGET CHE FA QUESTO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 217,128 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8IstnVhy6k	REAZIONE AI TIK TOK (WTF) DI FORTNITE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 204,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tte87cF_wnA	HO MODIFICATO IL MIO MONOPATTINO ELETTRICO DA 500€ (Xiaomi 365 Display MOD) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 17 minutes 686,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TluyvemfeNo	HO PRESO UNA MULTA A NAPOLI... MA NON CI SONO MAI STATO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 343,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An4o5HDHerY	COSE STRANE CHE PUOI TROVARE SOLO IN GIAPPONE by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 135,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C43ANw7MFME	PERSONE CHE NON DOVREBBERO SCRIVERE SU FACEBOOK! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 113,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lOfi13QcMA	LO BOMBI O LO PASSI CON LA MIA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 286,141 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_VsICesIPw	*SPECIALE* 1 ANNO DELLE REAZIONI ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE! (Fortnite) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 15 minutes 169,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2smbN-ygG7E	QUALCUNO POTREBBE PHOTOSHOPPARE LA FOTO? #2 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 401,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XTqcmYdQ6A	LA TUA RAGAZZA TI HA TRADITO!! - Scherzo a Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 21 minutes 3,655,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo3ppX2we8c	REAZIONI AGLI INCIDENTI STRADALI PIÙ STUPIDI!! #2 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 359,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ssd2NI-Qvc	PERSONE CHE HANNO DISTRUTTO IL SISTEMA by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 198,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps_Wp3_VCN4	REAZIONE ALLE MEME DELLA SEASON 9 DI FORTNITE! (Prova a non ridere) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 275,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dTe0wcpopM	VITTORIA REALE CON 21 BOMBE NELLA NUOVA SEASON 9! (No clickbait) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 187,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUSzJaBDA9o	LE MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI SU GRETA THUNBERG by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 552,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTvAelI_XMg	COSA SUCCEDE SE PROVI A FOTOCOPIARE DEI SOLDI? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 1,082,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWoz6FRSsbk	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #27 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 253,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiZ0SpWgi1E	LA MIA REAZIONE ALL'EVENTO DEL NEXUS/VULCANO SU FORTNITE! (Evento Completo) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 142,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GZRZPZqo38	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 10 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 1,175,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPBWfHDNqKg	YOUTUBER PROVA FORTNITE PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 236,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehR7l6g1EuY	SPACCHETTO SU BRAWL STARS CON IL NUOVO GALAXY FOLD!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 825,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHch7hyTzcw	REAZIONE ALLE TROLLATE PIÙ B4STARD3 SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 265,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HStnj4-j7c4	ADDIO SAMSUNG GALAXY FOLD... by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 609,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX6wRQoeOMU	EQUIVOCI CAUSATI DAL CORRETTORE AUTOMATICO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 255,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvSxQsvqAAg	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #26 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 269,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03vao15bP58	REAZIONE AGLI INCIDENTI STRADALI PIÙ STUPIDI!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 915,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDbzs7BFtkE	FORTNITE GIOCATO SUL SAMSUNG GALAXY FOLD!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 582,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByvZh8SsbeY	IL NUOVO GALAXY FOLD E' ASSURDO!! Unboxing e primo giorno di utilizzo by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 697,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T41gfuRtwy8	LE DOMANDE DELLE DONNE AGLI UOMINI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 926,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9voPJyVQtx0	HO SPESO 1600€ PER UNA TV!! (Aggiornamenti CASA NUOVA!) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 240,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poN_7F87NtU	REAZIONE ALLE ANIMAZIONI PIÙ DIVERTENTI DI FORTNITE!! (Cartone animato di Fortnite) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 358,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLzUvIZepCk	PERSONE CHE VIVONO NEL 3019!! (Idee GENIALI) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 662,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AMWu5hqpwI	REAZIONE AI MOMENTI PIÙ EPICI DI BRAWL STARS! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 433,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5U_rrupqCw	QUALCUNO POTREBBE PHOTOSHOPPARE LA FOTO? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,081,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fQHigj8_8s	LA STORIA SEGRETA DI BRAWL STARS!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 146,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYwH9e-PWCY	COMPRIAMO OGNI COSA CHE COLPIAMO CON LE FRECCETTE! *costoso* by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 255,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOqz5y9NEzA	SCHERZO A MURRY! GUIDA LA MIA NUOVA AUTO "MODIFICATA" !! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 981,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNpg_SSMdiw	QUESTA PARTE DEL PARKOUR È IMPOSSIBILE!! - FORTNITE DREAM PARKOUR #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 123,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOg0qGx1NhA	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #25 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 232,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tF25oimiBC8	64 POTENZIAMENTI!! RECORD MONDIALE IN SOPRAVVIVENZA! - Brawl Stars ITA #15 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 223,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08bVFSQyiCM	GIAMPY E MURRY RITORNANO! FORTNITE DREAM PARKOUR #1 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 166,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgyU1r2SKpQ	GTA 5 vs REAL LIFE CHALLENGE #4 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 937,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxSrFPs68_s	UN HACKER PROVA A SPIARMI SU FACETIME!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 195,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsV6bzBTdNM	REAZIONE AI TRICKSHOT PIÙ SPETTACOLARI DI FORTNITE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 336,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljvT4v92o3Y	LA ULTI DI CARL È DEVASTANTE!! NUOVO BRAWLER SBLOCCATO! - Brawl Stars ITA #14 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 240,637 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoF33w1EEUM	GIOCO A GTA SENZA INFRANGERE NESSUNA LEGGE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 631,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tbq8kGQf4i4	IL RITORNO DI BRAWL STARS! (Finalmente) - QUANTO CONOSCO IL GIOCO? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 312,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijpwPuCZ-UA	PROVA A NON RIDERE #13 (ESTREMA) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 1,409,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdNl7hTYubo	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #24 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 237,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHq0Lu_1mCU	I PROTAGONISTI DEL COLLEGIO NELLA VITA REALE! (1968 vs 2019) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 388,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhtYoz2Dnb8	FACCIO IL PROVINO PER IL COLLEGIO! (Non benissimo) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 285,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5LKYt0WzJ4	GIOCO A FORTNITE CON GLI OCCHIALI CHE SIMULANO LA DR0GA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 213,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKBJdQpaVIQ	MIXIAMO DEI CIBI STRANI! (Weird Food Challenge) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 160,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNRvPCVStsY	LA MIA NUOVA CASA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 276,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5spBYp9IAWA	REAZIONE A TUTTI I TRAILER DELLE STAGIONI DI FORTNITE!! (Season 1 - Season 8) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 310,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOvPs8kSbLQ	LA MIA REAZIONE AL COLLEGIO 3! (Risposte assurde ai PROVINI) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 439,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-kodFnNLEQ	HO INFILATO UNA TELECAMERA NELLO SCARICO DELLA MIA CUCINA! (Endoscopio) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 240,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLEYfJUGc4o	HO PERSO TUTTI I SOLDI - [PARODIA Soldi - Mahmood] by GiampyTek 1 year ago 2 minutes, 31 seconds 972,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgZA6tYn5Pw	FORTNITE GIOCATO A 300 x 1440 DI RISOLUZIONE! (PERICOLO vomito) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 335,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNlk5Eb51mg	PROVO GLI OCCHIALI CHE SIMULANO LA DR0GA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 846,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vi4SGkfX8mQ	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #23 (Season 8) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 459,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GLCMr55lMU	SVELATO IL MISTERO DI FORTNITE!! ECCO COSA NASCONDE LA SEASON 8 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 6 minutes, 31 seconds 106,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXm47iIYnuk	FINALMENTE INIZIA LA STAGIONE 8 DI FORTNITE! ESPLORIAMO IL VULCANO! by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 3 hours, 42 minutes 166,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQEICUA_jbI	NUOVO BRAWLER CARL!! PROVIAMO LA NUOVA MODALITÀ *ASSEDIO* - Brawl Stars ITA #13 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 298,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sliLC3ichhA	LA MAPPA DI FORTNITE IN MINIATURA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 181,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQYwRh35a0I	VIDEOGIOCO O REALTÀ? QUESTO GIOCO È PAZZESCO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 101,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLoqKwcWpw8	REAZIONE AI TRAILER DELLA SEASON 8 DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 387,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGFTKeOhibc	HO INFILATO UNA TELECAMERA NELLO SCARICO DELLA MIA AUTO! (Endoscopio) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 349,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcLT4MUvBKU	FORTNITE vs REAL LIFE CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 648,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXO5Bd2V55Y	LEGGO I MESSAGGI IN DIRECT DELLA MIA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 398,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5Vbd5EtGSY	NEW BRAWLER GENE vs ALL BRAWLER! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 215,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_LBlHK7Cxw	FINALMENTE PASS BATTAGLIA LIVELLO 100! SBLOCCO LE FASI DELLA SKIN FINALE! by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 4 hours 107,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8fGXP_6F5c	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE  SU FORTNITE #22 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 284,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BllBsDuPfc	IL NUOVO BRAWLER È DEVASTANTE! FINALMENTE EUGENIO SBLOCCATO!! - Brawl Stars ITA #11 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 511,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmRPGUKBdHo	PROVA A NON RIDERE CON LE BARZELLETTE DEGLI ASSISTENTI VOCALI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 739,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NDeTJh-rJM	DECIDETE IL MIO BRAWLER IN LIVE E PROVIAMO APEX!! by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 2 hours, 5 minutes 80,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwaHFJeyAaA	GTA 5 vs REAL LIFE CHALLENGE #3 (VERSIONE EXTREME) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 37 seconds 1,909,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jOYf7DXbbg	HO COMPRATO CORVO CON UNA SUPER OFFERTA! w/ MikeShowSha - Brawl Stars ITA #10 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 940,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhT9BxUMFLM	L’OGGETTO CHE TUTTI GLI YOUTUBER VORREBBERO by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 109,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sf_VhvKvNg	LE MIGLIORI CANZONI CREATE SU FORTNITE! (Blocchi musicali) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 293,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnQfmNfOve4	HO INFILATO UNA TELECAMERA NELLA MIA BOCCA!! (Endoscopio) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 591,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIzDnGeW5BU	AMAZON ALEXA DECIDE CHE BRAWLER DEVO USARE!! Brawl Stars ITA #9 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 15 minutes 692,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDAOKFAFNa8	HO AIUTATO UN AMICO IN DIFFICOLTÀ by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 288,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLupPdRxftE	HAI MAI FATTO SE**O IN AUTO? by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 646,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6nQmiSQDP8	LA LIVE CON PIÙ LAG DEL MONDO! (Però la lascio sul canale perchè ho vinto con BO) - Brawl Stars ITA by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 1 hour, 22 minutes 109,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySBhq5_MOAM	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #21 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 272,708 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV9TM8n4W8k	LA MIA REAZIONE AL CONCERTO DI MARSHMELLO SU FORTNITE! (Evento Completo) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 637,185 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92mAjD68QbE	HO INSTALLATO AMAZON ALEXA NELLA MIA NUOVA AUTO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 264,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfZt3GQCXHA	HO COMPRATO TUTTE LE NUOVE SKIN *EDIZIONE LIMITATA* - Brawl Stars ITA #8 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 243,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0Ex60tNl-w	FINALMENTE FORTNITE MOBILE CON IL CONTROLLER (iPhone XS Max) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 426,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8CbQhvaHsQ	HO TROVATO SPIKE IN UN CASSA GRATIS!! RECAP NUOVO AGGIORNAMENTO - Brawl Stars ITA by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 2 hours, 39 minutes 213,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K43WYo2d38o	COME FUNZIONA WINDOWS 2000 NEL 2019? (Test Internet, Audio & Giochi) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 114,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvJc-t2618g	HO CHIAMATO LA SUPERCELL AL TELEFONO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 1,068,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq5w8x9z2Qw	FINALMENTE UN NUOVO BRAWLER! *GENIO* - SBLOCCO LEON MAXATO! 50€ DI SPACCHETTAMENTO by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 2 hours, 27 minutes 220,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZJho8ozaOE	REAZIONE AGLI HACKER SU FORTNITE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 997,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHiLgphSsV4	I MIEI FAN DECIDONO CHE BRAWLER DEVO UTILIZZARE! - Brawl Stars ITA #7 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 667,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzNGi7Anp1k	HO INFILATO UNA VIDEOCAMERA DENTRO IL MIO WC! (Endoscopio) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 687,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My-deRUkxwI	GTA 5 vs REAL LIFE CHALLENGE! #2 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 961,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmGbeFK9p8k	SPACCHETTIAMO INSIEME E PROVIAMO A RAGGIUNGERE LE 3000 COPPE! - Brawl Stars ITA Live by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 2 hours, 40 minutes 143,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=podMAfdceyU	SPACCHETTO ALTRE 55 CASSE PER TROVARE LA LEGGENDARIA!! w/ MikeShowSha & S7ORMy - Brawl Stars ITA #6 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 16 minutes 252,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNih16TdxLo	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #20 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 177,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K40A9YgpWKQ	GIOCO A GTA 5 CON UN NEONATO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 1,617,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4j2feZdJE1w	OGNI MORTE.. SCOSSA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 114,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yUKgFg5UQo	200€ DI SPACCHETTAMENTO! HO MANTENUTO LA PROMESSA! - Brawl Stars ITA #5  w/MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 714,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEVgKeBd4-s	LA MIA RAGAZZA GIOCA A BRAWL STARS! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 262,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuPVjxv0fc0	INTERVISTA DOPPIA CON AMAZON ALEXA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 399,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taTf_yZVlzQ	REAZIONE AL MIGLIOR PRO PLAYER *BAMBINO* DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 517,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwoCy0ffMyE	GTA 5 vs REAL LIFE CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 1,268,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI8dD919K4k	QUESTO OGGETTO CAMBIERÀ LA TUA GIORNATA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 126,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuTG7PrU_pM	SPACCHETTO 100 CASSE GRATIS! COPPIA INVINCIBILE CON MIKESHOWSHA! - Brawl Stars ITA #4 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 498,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dspc3P5LIvY	PREFERIRESTI... w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 406,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oU3ELdJaXOc	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #19 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 341,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZ76SCVwyF0	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 9 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 605,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvekmE_0sYY	2 BRAWLER IN UNA SOLA CASSA! 110€ DI SPACCHETTAMENTO LEGGENDARIO - Brawl Stars ITA #3 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 1,479,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmHGqAKBApM	DRAW MY LIFE! - SPECIALE 1.350.000 ISCRITTI by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 725,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3YGwz-679E	REAZIONE ALLE MIGLIORI PRO PLAYER DONNA SU FORTNITE by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 406,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqHBr22yTtg	PROVO WINDOWS 95 DOPO 24 ANNI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 15 minutes 119,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Hw8Ft0AV2c	PROVA A NON SENTIRTI MALE CHALLENGE by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 157,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LP_FOPyGjg	TAGLIO I CAPELLI A MIO PADRE! (Finito benino) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 114,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q2I8Gf7zWI	COME VINCERE SEMPRE IN SOPRAVVIVENZA! - Brawl Stars ITA #2 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 297,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J3bKGGh4PU	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #18 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 245,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHpatoyxrSk	HO TROVATO UN BRAWLER LEGGENDARIO!! - Brawl Stars ITA #1 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 1,003,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih-XyKo9ipg	INDOVINA LA CANZONE AL CONTRARIO! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 281,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apAaGtqCnOQ	PROVO WINDOWS 3.1 NEL MIO PC! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 15 minutes 108,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTe1tQd0jTo	11 Things to Never Type into Google Translate by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 917,619 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuAUJe6C870	NINJA CONTINUA A BATTERE TUTTI! REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #16 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 166,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JT5B8TeL8M	PROVA A NON RIDERE CON I MESSAGGI VOCALI DEI FAN! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 240,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qXmd9dqiwg	LA NUOVA SPADA DI FORTNITE È DEVASTANTE! 1v1 su PARCOGIOCHI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 77,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6YZKFake3E	MI HANNO REGALATO 1000€ DI GADGET TECNOLOGICI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 666,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KErIyJre6Pc	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #17 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 386,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUE4ysWB1tk	ATTERRO NELLA *NUOVA* CITTÁ SEGRETA SU FORTNITE! (Glitch per entrare nell'iceberg) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 128,695 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bBZB3qqx7g	JENGA CON LA SCOSSA w/ Murry & BrazoCrew by GiampyTek 1 year ago 16 minutes 370,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyCDkOfwaZI	TUTTE LE NOVITÀ DELLA SEASON 7! MAPPA INNEVATA, AEREI E MODALITÀ CREATIVA by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 3 hours 127,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLxoo3CNsqk	NOT IN MY ARMS CHALLENGE VS ILLUMINATICREW by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 271,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zIMUaXZoJM	PAZZO URLA IL MIO NOME ALLA FINESTRA ALLE 2 DEL MATTINO!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 548,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0MknCk298A	REAZIONE AL MIGLIOR PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE SU PLAYSTATION 4! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 806,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adYjoKtUqeA	DISTRIBUTORI AUTOMATICI LUCKY BLOCK! *NUOVA* MODALITÀ SU FORTNITE w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 1 year ago 14 minutes, 48 seconds 124,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUMtqbR04RE	HO AGGIUSTATO UN PC DI 10 ANNI FA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 180,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlnaqPJTEWQ	I TATUAGGI PIÙ BRUTTI DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 93,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiOM3Wq5nV8	GIOCHIAMO A FORTNITE MONOPOLY! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 17 minutes 376,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DZkQQPOCTQ	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #16 *miglior puntata* by GiampyTek 1 year ago 12 minutes 452,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3BQfzs1O0w	SIRI VS AMAZON ALEXA! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 15 minutes 224,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gFOkFL3DeU	Questo video è bloccato nella tua nazione | #SaveYourInternet by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 220,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yve_2pa8xJ4	INDOVINA L'ARMA DI FORTNITE DAL SUONO! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 298,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYM5m80SLPA	OBBLIGO O VERITÀ FOOTBALL CHALLENGE *ESTREMA* by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 1,181,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhCpa_fM4sc	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER SU FORTNITE MOBILE!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 567,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfjTHpjivpA	"BASTA FARE FORTNITE" - Tiro le somme del mio canale by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 92,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJUdl0dD_vI	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 8 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 432,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=get7RL3yU_M	DURR BURGER VS TOMATO!! NUOVA MODALITÀ *SFIDA* SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 152,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3P-AAajwOg	INSTALLO E PROVO WINDOWS 1.0 (Sistema operativo del 1985) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 273,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7n3rBWgSRM	GALLEGGIA O AFFONDA? (TECH EDITION: Apple Watch, Mouse, Videocamera) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 202,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ZjLhgWnQM	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #15 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 340,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqHMRT-srqw	RIACCENDO UN MIO VECCHIO PC DOPO 10 ANNI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 18 minutes 473,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLCechs9oxQ	AMAZON ALEXA VS GOOGLE ASSISTANT! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 16 minutes 721,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqFazcS_Aeg	INDOVINA LA PUBBLICITÀ CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 251,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iaQQGEx_zc	SPACCA IL PC PERCHÈ VIENE UCCISO SU FORTNITE! REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER #15 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 205,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNql3SyouZ8	IL CUBO DI FORTNITE È FINALMENTE ESPLOSO! *REPLAY LINK DOWNLOAD* by GiampyTek Streamed 1 year ago 2 hours, 53 minutes 162,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMfykz9ZtBs	TUTTO IL RIASSUNTO SUL CUBO DI FORTNITE! (Season 3-6) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 414,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGUD1BITYn0	LA MIA RAGAZZA MI REGALA UN IPHONE XS MAX by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 241,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12iVYnIX0J0	HO INVESTITO UN PEDONE... Ve lo racconto by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 322,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbW9WsrDV3I	TROLLARE AMAZON ALEXA! (Assistente vocale Amazon) by GiampyTek 1 year ago 15 minutes 372,760 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7ycywnyMd8	LA NOSTRA SUPER VILLA A ROMA! House TOUR *costoso* by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 188,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGy8vTh4S4k	NUOVO BUG SU FORTNITE!! PASS BATTAGLIA LIVELLO 100 GRATIS!! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 522,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOMXUreEnsI	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #14 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 202,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSe-FxSVxWI	QUESTI OCCHIALI FANNO QUALCOSA DI INCREDIBILE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 184,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AdgpiEfsf4	TELEFONO CONTRO COMPUTER! - 1vs1 FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI w/ Murry by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 399,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_BL_6Mcg5o	JENGA ESTREMO CON MURRY! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 19 minutes 437,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Mq1IVVsMAg	GIAMPYTEK! Lo Youtuber da 1 milione di fan risponde alle domande di Google by GiampyTek 1 year ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 206,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EWXPmrceC4	REAZIONE AI MIGLIORI PRO PLAYER ITALIANI DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 532,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQU0l7uNGwY	INDOVINA IL LOGO ORIGINALE CHALLENGE by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 150,724 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynFsxoT2Cj4	SALTO DI 7200m PER TUTTA LA MAPPA CON IL NUOVO QUAD *RECORD MONDIALE* su Fortnite Parco Giochi by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 173,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-9R5EIcg5w	UNA SETTIMANA SENZA IPHONE! - iPhone X vs One Plus 6 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 244,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=criGUKkLr1w	ENTRO NEL MIO ACCOUNT DI GTA5 DOPO 300 GIORNI! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 321,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2vggW9OCDA	LA PRIMA GARA DI SE*HE AL MONDO! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 390,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mB3I0fM4SK0	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #13 by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 531,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_IwFVUHg4U	FINALMENTE FORTNITE CAMBIA!! NUOVA MODALITÀ DOMINA LA DISCOTECA by GiampyTek 1 year ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 122,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuZFI_PPsUg	RISPONDO ALLE DOMANDE IN ASMR! *in pratica parlo a bassa voce* by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 70,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFzqpP1VEFI	RI-ROMPO UN BICCHIERE CON LA VOCE! *NO CLICKBAIT* by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 899,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7ZiljXpvK8	I SEGRETI DEGLI YOUTUBER ITALIANI - Insegreto by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 176,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XyjzKD1WS8	COME GIOCAVANO I PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE NELLA SEASON 1?! by GiampyTek 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 325,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOmmHfxvue0	NON HAI MAI VISTO UNO ZAINO FARE QUESTO by GiampyTek 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 168,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OONeyV-_UM4	GRATTA E VINCI FALSO!! SCHERZO AI MIEI GENITORI *100.000€ VINTI* by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 2,371,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPB4yVuKHHk	GIAMPYTEK vs MURRY SU FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 1,302,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLmI6td5eOI	OBBLIGATO A SPENDERE SOLDI IN UN APPLE STORE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 428,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7cBkz2hHJ0	REAZIONI ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #12 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 456,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERVpenjMfdE	QUANTO MI CONOSCONO I MIEI ISCRITTI?! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 371,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRV0jEtbPjs	NUOVA ISOLA FLUTTUANTE! CASTELLO E ANIMALI!! - Fortnite SEASON 6 by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 3 hours, 27 minutes 169,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdNLQSbiMuA	QUESTO MI MANCAVA!! Apple Watch Series 4 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 160,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E-exykBrDo	HO DISSATO SFERA EBBASTA! REAZIONE YOUTUBE POOP by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 373,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXfZTnc3rU0	LA SEASON 6 DI FORTNITE SVELATA - LA TEORIA FINALE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 147,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGAiMZpn2mQ	DISTRUGGE TUTTO GIOCANDO A FORTNITE! - REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER #14 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 497,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqimMu6H1PA	MI HANNO REGALATO UNA NUOVA RTX 2080Ti by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 105,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ULacV3coUo	1vs1 DODGEBALL CON LA NUOVA ARENA PORTATILE IN FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 181,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuflOfN2r2U	PROVA A TROVARMI!! RITORNO SU WITCH IT w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 197,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dntZavdwMTg	L'OGGETTO CHE MI HA CAMBIATO LA VITA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 124,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtC1ZOhEJmA	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #11 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 284,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T_yVEqKiFQ	IN ONORE DEI VECCHI TEMPI! w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 72,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf-vPyMBb8k	PARODIA NUOVI IPHONE XS / XS MAX / XR by GiampyTek 2 years ago 3 minutes, 54 seconds 122,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuUU16RbtfA	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #13 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 359,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQvU32_HP0E	LA MIA PRIMA PARTITA SUL BATTLE ROYALE DI COD!! *finita bene* by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 94,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pquK_TbpAqU	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI  7 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 567,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkPav-kwfbU	NUOVA MODALITÁ "FUGA" FINALMENTE ARRIVATA! MAPPA CAMBIATA E NUOVE ARMI AGGIUNTE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 101,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsV_-ZZ4p1s	NON CLICCARE MAI "MI SENTO FORTUNATO" SU QUESTO NUMERO by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 299,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjmdjoF37Ks	RISPONDO AGLI INSULTI SOTTO AI MIEI VIDEO by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 120,819 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfAobEqyMxE	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #10 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 510,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCR5mxsTyYM	LUOGHI DI FORTNITE NELLA VITA REALE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 217,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCO5wdsoBmM	MANGIO CARAMELLE TOSSICHE CON LA MIA RAGAZZA! - Toxic Waste CHALLENGE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 116,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR1qWYanE0c	IL CUBO DI FORTNITE SI È ATTIVATO!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 166,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GXqWIBu3-Q	IL MIO NUOVO PC DA GAMING PORTATILE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 537,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34n303fpEUA	TROLLATI DA GOOGLE HOME! Giampy VS Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 356,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDkYXSqokyU	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #12 *Episodio finale?* by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 272,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-ZQO7uK6fk	IL CUBO DI FORTNITE! TUTTO QUELLO CHE C'È DA SAPERE... by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 5 minutes 156,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3PbvxjiszU	COSA VENDONO NEI SUPERMERCATI INGLESI? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 100,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXZ8nJszfKY	SHAMPOO INFINITO! - SCHERZO A MURRY IN DOCCIA *finito male* by GiampyTek 2 years ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 823,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw2pS2DX_P8	SE SUCCEDE MI FACCIO BIONDO!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 104,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUZcLsodCT0	RIESCI A TROVARLO SU FORTNITE?! - Where in Fortnite w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 110,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLjfzn2_QWk	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #9 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 260,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvOHaS9EZu8	PROVO UN MCDONALD'S INGLESE! - Sarà più buono di quello italiano? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 191,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RBVNdD1aG4	MODALITÀ DEATH DROP SU FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI! w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 301,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktSGVcYOCQU	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #11 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 249,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9v25Nwoh5JQ	YOUTUBE POOP INTERVISTA TRIPLA: LA NOSTRA REAZIONE w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 258,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBO-XeNHUp0	MI FINGO UNA STATUA AL MUSEO DELLE CERE (E la gente ci crede) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 1,038,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQXtS0cRfSY	ORDINIAMO CIBO ITALIANO A LONDRA! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 328,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdv62L8uS-o	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #8 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 672,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHVAQEx_xis	LA MIA RAGAZZA GIOCA A FORTNITE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 601,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ljE8MgxYps	FINALMENTE VI MOSTRO IL MIO NUOVO UFFICIO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 22 minutes 523,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9ip1Snw3c4	*NUOVO* MINIGIOCO SU FORTNITE!! TIRO AL PIATTELLO CHALLENGE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 131,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KN3XHlybe0I	ROMPO UN BICCHIERE CON LA VOCE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 289,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWIxAZ7njm8	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #10 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 309,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SxF-9eXU3o	PROVA A NON RIDERE #12 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 773,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxaUDudMaAE	GARE ILLUMINATE SU FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI w/ Murry & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 216,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=471MALrFvng	VI RACCONTO DEL MIO TUMORE - 5 ANNI DOPO... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 41 minutes 633,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKRnnl6tiZg	VISITO L'IKEA PER LA PRIMA VOLTA IN VITA MIA! *Non è uno scherzo* by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 294,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eKw2PUEFsw	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #7 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 378,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH3utZxG0e0	CHE AUTO HAI COMPRATO?! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 225,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMwCsgYAJ88	GOOGLE HOME MI SOTTOPONE AD UN TEST IGNORANTISSIMO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 329,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZD4mdy7sxM	*NUOVA* MODALITÁ HORROR SU FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI! w/ Murry & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 444,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Evc9JXo6WD8	REAZIONE ALLA MIA PRIMA PARTITA DI FORTNITE w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 167,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swM2yzZH6Pg	IL FIDGET SPINNER CHE VOLA! - Fidget Spinner Drone *FINITO MALE* by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 293,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgpNCxeAF7s	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER FORTNITE #9 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 391,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvlBbr1oQ8s	FINALMENTE È ARRIVATA LA SEASON 5 SU FORTNITE! NUOVA MAPPA! ARMI E VEICOLI! by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 8 minutes 276,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAqUkRk7fMI	DEATH RUN IMPOSSIBILE SU FORTNITE PARCO GIOCHI!! w/ S7ORMy by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 599,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9hSHTxgmVs	SE SBAGLI: SCOSSA ELETTRICA! (Youtube ITALIA Edition) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 79,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e52RcDlThdg	COME FARE IL LATTE ALLA CANNELLA GHIACCIATO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 168,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YuS4VjO8JU	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #6 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 737,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FinCt19SkpQ	È APPARSA UN'ANCORA SULLA MAPPA!! LA SEASON 5 STA ARRIVANDO? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 88,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7oIhWJuIPk	MARCHI FAMOSI COPIATI DAI CINESI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 205,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv23Pj-2xVY	COSTRUIAMO UNA CITTÁ DENTRO IL CRATERE! - Fortnite PARCO GIOCHI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 164,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGoKI431Ntw	SE SHOPPI, VINCI? (Funziona) - NUOVE SKIN E VITTORIA REALE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 101,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-l36dc2SiQ	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 6 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 526,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTcnoZVES1M	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #8 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 558,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=722iRXsWhl4	LANCIO DEL RAZZO IN LIVE! FINALMENTE E' PARTITO! CAMBIERA' TUTTO? by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 1 hour, 34 minutes 169,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeykX6HFC3g	I MIEI FOLLOWER DECIDONO IL MIO OUTFIT (Sondaggi Instagram) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 215,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6Fb1WZl_-k	REAL OR FAKE? (Reale o Photoshoppato?) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 116,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLKFh_DhXkg	FINALMENTE PARCO GIOCHI È ARRIVATA! LA MAPPA CAMBIA ANCORA!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 406,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdWarCepEIA	MI SI È ROTTA LA MACCHINA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 46 seconds 184,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgMOXRgtqaw	CREMA AL CAFFÈ: COME PREPARARLA IN 1 MINUTO by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 974,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jDuSkme4Ms	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #5 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 387,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYI02LhLuWM	100 BOMBE DA BAGNO TUTTE INSIEME!! (Esperimento) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 598,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNSigKz8bcg	QUESTA FACCIA MANGERÀ TUTTI I TUOI SOLDI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 470,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc5Lew8ZvlQ	PROVA A NON RIDERE #11 (Fortnite Edition) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 763,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUAvlXDGnMk	VITTORIA REALE NELLA NUOVA MODALITÁ COMBATTIMENTO FINALE!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 175,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSn3jTfIrNk	LA MIA RAGAZZA FA IL TEST SU GIAMPYTEK by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 142,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFzgcoBEs3g	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #7 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 735,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDUq2no81jM	IL NUOVO FORTNITE.IO È MEGLIO DELL'ORIGINALE!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 230,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuqX4k0-Ey0	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 5 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 647,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdUWdw9WnpI	HAI MAI SCAMBIATO LA TUA RAGAZZA PER UN ALTRA? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 75,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPbqh148gog	UN VIDEO DI FORTNITE IMPROVVISATO MA... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 136,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZXZ1s_W0qc	COME ESSERE INVITATI AL MATRIMONIO DI FEDEZ - LA GUIDA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 113,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZW7sxSNVpC4	IL METEORITE SI È APERTO!! NUOVO STADIO E FUCILE TERMICO! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 353,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODLndlHAdBE	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #4 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 607,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7bTDhAc57Y	INTERVISTA TRIPLA con MIKESHOWSHA, MURRY & GIAMPYTEK by GiampyTek 2 years ago 19 minutes 819,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVVtIYlmnJc	SERVER PRIVATI APERTI A TUTTI! w/ WizardJo by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 10 minutes 122,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2gROTsul9U	UNA GIORNATA CON L'iPHONE PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 360,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0zFr7rHWFM	UN PRANK PER RIMORCHIARE! - Insegreto by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 105,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2586s8tOLE	REAZIONE AI MIEI VIDEO VECCHISSIMI SU FACEBOOK! (2011 - 2018) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 107,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHS-Deww13w	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #6 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 346,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0O1OTo2e1I	LA MIA MIGLIORE PARTITA IN SOLO!! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 254,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jEKkK9bz-w	FINALMENTE HO ANCHE IO UN DRONE!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 173,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5x3HbIoQBHU	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 4 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 630,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQ07v0J25fk	LITIGO ANCHE IO CON MURRY PER COLPA DI UNO!!! w/ S7ORMy & Phanto by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 322,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhAglP1W3qc	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE #3 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 794,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo3LLg4E78Q	TU COSA PREFERIRESTI?... w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 271,322 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Seb3XyLloRA	QUANTE NE SAI SU FORTNITE? IL QUIZ! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 235,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHQW7FC1Zy8	FINALMENTE IL JETPACK SU FORTNITE! Sarà utile? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 35 seconds 142,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7GNnlRo9X4	TROLLARE TRAVESTITO DA NONNA! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 160,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5H3qlkK-bY	SENTI "YANNY" O "LAUREL"? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 288,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx3Rkh80pnY	REAZIONE PRO PLAYER  FORTNITE #5 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 338,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8W2kvtzMEE	HO BRUCIATO LA MAGLIETTA GIALLA! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 419,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-qgGMVEVDw	SFIDE SETTIMANA 3! 20.000 LIKE SHOPPO TUTTO IL PASS! - Fortnite w/ S7ORMy by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 8 minutes 91,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2b0rmwYOqU	PINNACOLI CAMBIATA! E NUOVA ARMA! PROVIAMOLE INSIEME! by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 7 minutes 186,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4iynLYpytc	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 3 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 1,064,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4_UtI3UYB0	4 IMMAGINI UNO YOUTUBER 2! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 610,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VxuJKe6I78	PROVA A NON RIDERE #10 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 1,186,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tW2uWWmiFE	REAZIONI ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE! #2 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 632,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=De2QXdczZxc	YOUTUBE MI HAI STUFATO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 214,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0YFuMVDLvY	INTERVISTA DOPPIA CON LA MIA RAGAZZA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 614,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gtDPwnBH6k	VITTORIA REALE NELLA NUOVA MODALITÀ GUANTO DELL'INFINITO! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 237,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im3wU4dy5g	FORTNITE IN MINECRAFT! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 82,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM0DoeSAJ2M	HO SHOPPATO A 15.000 LIKE! - Live 07/05/2018 - Fortnite by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 13 minutes 146,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-KOQW6DPQQ	L'iPHONE PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO (Funzionante) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 846,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpOvVmp9ato	LIVE INASPETTATA!! Nuova sensibilità del mouse, proviamola! by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 3 hours, 21 minutes 153,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUpHITylc0A	REAZIONE PRO PLAYER FORTNITE #4 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 466,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTlcXnR_yC4	DOPPIA VITTORIA REALE IN LIVE! - Fortnite by GiampyTek Streamed 2 years ago 2 hours, 29 minutes 128,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_JqbYMy33o	DUO CON LA PLAYER DONNA PIÙ FORTE DI ITALIA! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 546,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbNGg9x4HC4	UNA MAMMA MI VUOLE... - Insegreto by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 228,548 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bOOabxWj34	VISITIAMO IL LUOGO DELL'IMPATTO! MAPPA DISTRUTTA!! - Fortnite SEASON 4 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 310,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wTLgQN2BZw	LE MIE FISSAZIONI NON PER GRETA: REAZIONE YOUTUBE POOP by GiampyTek 2 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 392,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fwoGnPHolM	REAZIONE ALLE VOSTRE MIGLIORI GIOCATE SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 1,133,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gpaJQxPJy8	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI 2 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 1,110,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slAVZzPWpW4	FARE UNA TORRE DI BICCHIERI CON LA SCOSSA w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 595,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLgdJdRTfwg	STAVO PER FARE UNA PAZZIA... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 105,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fN9r01shYKE	VITTORIA REALE GIOCANDO SENZA INTERFACCIA! - Fortnite HUD CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 136,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6xXQnVXHxE	REAZIONE PRO PLAYER FORTNITE #3 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 366,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPfDijFcoSo	SE I MODI DI DIRE FOSSERO REALI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 2,170,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEpPJgt4zmI	CHI PERDE QUESTA METTE IL C*LO SU INSTAGRAM!! - UNO w/ Mike, S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 193,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkchgxoCNhU	LA PALLINA FATTA DI CARTA STAGNOLA! (Aluminium Foil Ball) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 572,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlpF4qGkNKk	INTERVISTA AI MIEI ISCRITTI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 250,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngfu0dwVZdM	SONO FINITO SU UN... VIBRAT0RE - Insegreto by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 228,535 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAihiCtQ5Eg	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE #2 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 448,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyfXNfvxSGU	IL PRIMO DRONE SUBACQUEO DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 812,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdiwC_H1cyg	QUANTO CI SENTI BENE? - Test dell'udito by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 117,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDcUCnoyl80	LA PARTITA PIÙ STUPIDA MAI FATTA SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 154,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pjfu8YOwSfY	PIMP MY ATECA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 183,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBVzruL_e40	REAZIONE AI PRO PLAYER DI FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 1,314,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tHhJC6aStk	IL NUOVO GOLDEN BUTTON DA 1 MILIONE DI ISCRITTI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 134,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq-eSYTGbAY	FINALMENTE L'HO COMPRATO! - Google Home by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 688,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T6dSl8mWuk	SE PERDO: NON VADO AL MATRIMONIO DI MIKE! - UNO w/ MikeShowSha & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 348,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhzWJIdKmR0	NO BOUNCE CHALLENGE w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 1,869,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Xs74oEdkV4	SAPERE È POTERE CON LA CREW! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 141,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dorSc-F3zoQ	FORTNITE SU PS4 CON MOUSE E TASTIERA! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 752,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5ytoZ89Ph0	VI REGALO I CODICI PER FORTNITE MOBILE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 87,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghXqocnZPvg	RISPONDIAMO A DOMANDE SERIE. by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 221,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6UGYML4o-o	+16 CARTE IN UN UNICO TURNO!! - 2vs2 UNO w/ MikeShowSha, Murry & Phanto by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 705,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcIODnjdGtE	FORTNITE MOBILE CON IL CONTROLLER SU IPHONE X! - Funzionerà? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 731,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQcYJYj0NVY	LA MIA PRIMA PARTITA IN MODALITÀ BLITZ! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 131,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w4nfzBWaIY	ABBIAMO TROVATO I TESORI MISTERIOSI! - Sea Of Thieves #2 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 2 years ago 17 minutes 67,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KC6KjqBl0og	HO GUIDATO FINO A GINEVRA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 142,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr-iDWkzRQs	IL BOT PIÙ INFAME! (Che comunque gioca meglio di Murry) w/ MikeShowSha, Phanto & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 425,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMZWJrzZKWw	FORTNITE MOBILE SU IPHONE X! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 874,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncbvq_VagvE	LA MIA COLLEZIONE DI TELEFONI (2002-2018) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 767,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vs-eizuDAYs	LA MIA PRIMA VOLTA IN SOLO! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 759,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_Sm6lGmL6E	FORTNITE PRIMA VS FORTNITE DOPO by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 408,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uuS34k8F6w	WE ORDER ITALIAN FOOD IN SWITZERLAND by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 894,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x69dczDhfdo	UNA VIDEOCAMERA IN 4K A 40€ by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 122,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48Qsli82bgw	HANNO TRUCCATO IL RISULTATO FINALE! w/ MikeShowSha S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 1,043,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7AqOHMkcFk	LA MIA PRIMA VOLTA SU MUSICAL.LY by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 231,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfCp4QVu2tg	UN NUOVO GIOCO PERFETTO PER NOI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes 191,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqtbfASlPj4	APPLE CAR PLAY VS ANDROID AUTO - Qual è il migliore? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 136,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psc0znsHFHg	SONO STATO BANNATO DA INSTAGRAM by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 198,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pq1AfxVn0Uc	ABBIAMO CONQUISTATO LA NUOVA CITTÀ!! - Fortnite w/ S7ORMy, Murry & Lero by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 144,390 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cs5Am0OEYUY	HO COSTRUITO UN ROBOT by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 72,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkZtp5vPwwE	I POLITICI ITALIANI SI PICCHIANO!! CHI VINCE LE ELEZIONI? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 85,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksRI1jU93L4	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER DAI CAPELLI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 800,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdgs2xC1mkY	FORTNITE PROIETTATO SUL MURO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 186,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjWWrf1zBVw	LA PARTITA PIÙ LUNGA DI SEMPRE!! w/ MikeShowSha, Murry & Phanto by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 475,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6epSG_eO8u8	I MIGLIORI PLAYER SICILIANI RITORNANO! - Fortnite w/ Wizard by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 182,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnfuBPQSPmg	TUTTE LE MEME PIÙ DIVERTENTI SUL BUG DI APPLE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 419,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIFs-h1ogTo	LO SAPEVI? - DOMANDE FACEBOOK by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 66,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMPGW2ozQuQ	COSA SUCCEDE SE GUIDI SENZA CHIAVE ELETTRONICA? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 487,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua_V860_5XU	VINCI 1000€ SE FINISCI QUESTO GIOCO!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 782,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=821JbVweEb0	ALMENO IN QUESTO SONO BRAVO! (Forse) w/ MikeShowsha, S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 1 second 375,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP-WrfmXQWw	IL TELEFONO PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO (Funzionante) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 234,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CI7NNytlrWc	COME FARE SCHIFO IN DUE! - Sapere è Potere w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 192,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYaTIYzG7Zc	REAZIONE ALLE PUBBLICITÀ GIAPPONESI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 363,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h88_s7g5sFo	HO COMPRATO 3500 MONETE (20€) SU MINECRAFT... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 425,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9HTHCrXtAs	IL GIOCO PIÙ OFFENSIVO DI SEMPRE! - w/ MikeShowSha Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 256,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_KfPrz66qI	MOUSE DA 2€ VS MOUSE DA 150€ by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 986,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUD5uTH4te8	MURRY NON FARLO!! - MINECRAFT: To the Moon #2 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 63,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aFdiaP_yKc	WHISPER CHALLENGE CON FRASI TRAP! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 248,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIuBauq5758	IL RITORNO DEL DUO SICULO SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 304,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB9GSrp2E8E	IPHONE X IN MINECRAFT FUNZIONANTE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 797,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZl4se-euiA	SIAMO TORNATI! - MINECRAFT:  To the Moon #1 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 102,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7HF9IATyso	PUÒ LA TUA LAMPADA FARE QUESTO? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 146,311 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDRaeg26-qU	COME DOVREBBERO CHIAMARSI REALMENTE GLI OGGETTI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 796,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDMJh9hO9bE	IO E STORMY ABBIAMO UN SEGRETO! *non ditelo a murry* - GTA 5 ONLINE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 235,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bzuL5q823E	LE MIE FISSAZIONI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 81,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO5qYgZa6kQ	DUO CON IL MIGLIOR PLAYER D’ITALIA! - Fortnite by GiampyTek 2 years ago 18 minutes 953,939 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VdBOjU3wXk	COSA SUCCEDE SE TIRI QUESTO TASTO MENTRE GUIDI? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 1,162,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_FVO_teBLc	CORTANA VS GOOGLE ASSISTANT! TROLLARE GLI ASSISTENTI VOCALI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 804,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BnKxnDfCUg	L'ULTIMA DOMANDA... CHI HA VINTO QUESTA VOLTA? - Sapere è Potere by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 213,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZ4Gr1w-5o4	IL MIO PRODOTTO PREFERITO DEL 2018! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 120,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIcQ1Sglgu4	LO STAVAMO ASPETTANDO TUTTI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 84,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMIqHjG6siM	PROVA A NON RIDERE #9 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 1,109,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIj6zuOrZ9s	SENZA TAGLI E CENSURE! - GTA 5 Online w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 299,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OW89x5IpidI	HO DISTRUTTO IL MOUSE GIOCANDO A FORTNITE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 504,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e1TqwBY6MQ	HIGHER AND LOWER YOUTUBE ITALIA EDITION by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 250,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wK4J79q5t14	QUIZ DELLA PATENTE DOPO 6 ANNI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 177,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99X_C1vwNuk	DOVE SI TROVA IL MURALES DEL MILIONE? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 199,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oa3AYZVJyA	IL QUIZ PIÙ DIFFICILE DEL MONDO! - Sapere è Potere by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 226,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=442rxS7cvYQ	INDOVINA LE EMOJI TRAMITE DEGLI INDOVINELLI! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 342,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lrl1Liwg5fI	IL VOSTRO REGALO PER IL MIO MILIONE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 291,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u82zmslOPnw	COSA NE PENSO DI GINO? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 171,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikSm2Mmw3Ts	GIAMPYTEK 2017 - YOUTUBE REWIND by GiampyTek 2 years ago 21 minutes 85,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-DCc-0cGoU	MI HANNO DISSATO E RISPONDO PUBBLICAMENTE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 2,309,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZgoxXGeBrQ	15 COSE NASCOSTE NEI FILM DISNEY E PIXAR! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 164,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXPAV-UYnRI	LA CORSA ILLUMINATA PIÙ DIVERTENTE DI SEMPRE!! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 148,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWv1aAwoSQA	SIRI VS GOOGLE ASSISTANT! TROLLARE GLI ASSISTENTI VOCALI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 1,344,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biYi4xgzlmw	IL QUIZ PIÙ IGNORANTE MAI CREATO SU BABBO NATALE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 60,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky4kJLZFfsM	REAZIONE AL MIO VIDEO PIÙ RIDICOLO! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 217,308 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg0e8IEespw	UN CASTELLO ANTICO DENTRO AL VULCANO!! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 156,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6VQt8qkD14	L'HO BATTUTO! ... O QUASI - Sapere è Potere w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 213,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiIMoQbNYBE	LA NOSTRA PRIMA CANZONE TRAP by GiampyTek 2 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 271,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Uw4utba52U	RISPONDO PUBBLICAMENTE AD UNA CRITICA by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 138,322 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKjxr30Tmf8	COSA HA CERCATO IL MONDO NEL 2017 SU GOOGLE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 127,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UEe6U2Upcs	MAC vs WINDOWS: IL MIGLIORE PER GIOCARE? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 580,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H48WHY__Kh4	TROLLARE GOOGLE ASSISTANT by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 520,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb668RZrhT8	L'HO FATTO DI NUOVO... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 626,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaSnJcJoYw0	4 IMMAGINI UNO YOUTUBER by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 1,062,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJBxFg03JI	IT DENTRO LA GARA! (RAGE DI MURRY) - GTA 5 ONLINE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 228,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ColWACSI0o	CHI AVRÀ VINTO QUESTA VOLTA? - Sapere è Potere by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 183,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4gjsv14a38	HO COMPRATO IL MACBOOK PRO DA 3400€ - Perchè? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 287,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC8VprrbtXk	LE INSEGNE PIÙ IGNORANTI MAI ESISTITE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 109,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9mZrsSJErE	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER DALLA POSTAZIONE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 1,281,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gugitHxM_eI	COME AFFRONTAVO LE VERIFICHE SCOLASTICHE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 105,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UviQqzECrk0	IL MIO NUOVO MAC DA.. 500€ by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 406,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0ctmVTzBSM	IPHONE X VS MIO PHONE (1200€ vs 159€) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 24 seconds 1,308,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lZD_ZjNPnw	IL TRICK DEL CESPUGLIO VOLANTE! - Fortnite w/ Murry & Bob by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 122,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1KC8eHqrsE	REAZIONE A TUTTE LE VOSTRE MEME SU DI ME!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 345,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJwYT5lcL10	COSA C'É NELLA SCATOLA? - Whats in the Box CHALLENGE w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 662,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOQeS0sd2Zk	CHI È PIÙ INTELLIGENTE? - Sapere è Potere by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 407,695 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nyct4CnJOHU	UNA CITTÀ ANTICA DENTRO LA GARA! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 164,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Anuw-UWzfk	WHAT'S ON MY IPHONE X by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 264,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNsAB7u0gDg	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER DALLA SUA AUTO! w/Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 1,732,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZVjZjId_H4	VOLEVO REGALARVI IL MIO IPHONE 7 RED MA... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 197,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ins2k9_tudI	IPHONE X SI SBLOCCA CON UN MANICHINO? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 422,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knt785bu6eU	COME SI CHIAMA LA MIA RAGAZZA? - Google Myself by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 112,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIYe10EvElQ	GIANT FOOTBALL CHALLENGE! w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 1,877,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3byrKGiGiyE	IPHONE X MI RICONOSCE SENZA BARBA? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 468,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCinE8LuE3s	SONO LA SOTT0MESSA O IL DOMINANTE? - (50 Sfumature di rosso test) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 85,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pxcLvgdQSc	LA GARA "SOTTOSOPRA" - GTA 5 ONLINE w/Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 193,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awat8ZvoQeA	J-AX & Fedez - Sconosciuti da una vita (PARODIA ANIMOJI IPHONE X) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 3 minutes, 57 seconds 165,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ru77eroixyw	CALCIO ALL' IPHONE X DI MURRY! (SCHERZO) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 749,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3YA1lLOB-I	LA MIGLIORE STRATEGIA PER VINCERE SU FORTNITE (Forse) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 214,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeSh_c2IN3U	HO COMPRATO IPHONE X by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 1,157,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_IxC_QZKsY	QUESTO VIDEO TI IPNOTIZZERÀ? (Esperimento IPNOSI) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 144,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypnv1PXS_RQ	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI UN BUS SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 298,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebxoVetwY-s	LA MIGLIORE GARA MAI CREATA SU GTA 5 ONLINE! (Speciale Halloween) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 205,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsI4fIjbxP4	LA PS4 RISCHIA DI ROMPERSI MENTRE GIOCHIAMO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 218,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhcJEFpuByI	UN VECCHIO REGALO DA YOUTUBE by GiampyTek 2 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 124,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWY4mSDNXBg	IL GAMEPLAY PIÙ DIVERTENTE SU FORTNITE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 15 minutes 290,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZKqcW8g1SA	QUESTO NON RIUSCIRAI A VEDERLO!! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 332,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rX4llb9qNY	DUE BAMBINI FELICI.. by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 421,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fsg5e-QeItA	MESSAGGI SUBLIMINALI E NASCOSTI NEI LOGHI FAMOSI by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 188,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3vTMLU6OAo	REAZIONE AI PRIMI VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBERS ITALIANI #7 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 126,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guwINSMMF9k	ILLUSIONI AUDIO CHE TI FARANNO IMPAZZIRE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 499,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92xmTuBpuf8	SLAM DUNK CHALLENGE SU GTA 5 ONLINE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 220,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umdmtryaEdk	L'AIR HOCKEY PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 474,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLczmuIV5RI	ECCO PERCHÈ SIAMO VESTITI DA COWBOY! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 118,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdjmwv5Zxb8	PROVA A NON RIDERE #8 by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,063,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o42rwAdhXtM	MI SI E' ROTTO IL PC :( by GiampyTek 2 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 441,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvl24LKqFwc	UN ENORME CUM... IN FACCIA! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 281,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRL_SovrldE	L'OGGETTO CHE MI RENDERÀ FELICE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 175,141 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfR2WGKoTug	6 ANNI DOPO... by GiampyTek 2 years ago 16 minutes 343,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gn3Ms1SLlg	15 BOMBE DA BAGNO DELLA LUSH INSIEME! (Esperimento) by GiampyTek 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 1,237,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06ZutqOQUzM	INDOVINA IL LOGO CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 521,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W5faGYZo_s	MURRY IMPAZZISCE CON QUESTE DUE GARE IMPOSSIBILI! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 453,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2_3YXTDP3I	IL CAVO IMPOSSIBILE DA TAGLIARE! - Funzionerà? by GiampyTek 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 534,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNBO8QQtznc	PARKOUR SU WITCH IT! w/ Murry & Pepo3393 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 209,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mj0AxNyihIA	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI UNA PR0ST1TUTA SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 1,096,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFnhDZ62y0A	PROVA A NON RIDERE #7 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 2,063,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOwxiIwqiYI	PERCHÉ MI SONO LASCIATO? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 406,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUEQ6EzyTaw	REAZIONE AI PRIMI VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBERS ITALIANI #6 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 16 minutes 179,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIN4Dvxweng	LA GARA DENTRO UNA PS4! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 528,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqslpzH9gO4	IL BILIARDO PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 1,076,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhInVjYMacA	VEDERE I PIANETI DAL MONTE PIÙ ALTO DI GTA 5 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 223,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNtWux-DN2Y	UN MAGO CI STUPISCE CON LA MAGIA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 308,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxIO8x69PmI	SCHERZO A PEPO MENTRE REGISTRIAMO! Witch It w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 251,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEnP5aNaMeQ	17 MOTIVI PER COMPRARE IPHONE X by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 331,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpBuUu96Pqg	LA SFIDA DEI FRULLATI! - Smoothie Challenge w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 730,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfuG-JqmrOc	REAZIONE ALLE MEME DELLA MAGLIA GIALLA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 221,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaSHsSv62VA	TROLLARE LA NUOVA SIRI! (iOS 11) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 557,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilpokKD2Cew	VOLARE NELLO SPAZIO E VISITARE I PIANETI SU GTA 5! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 790,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ixZ0Yz_nZM	IL KING DELL WALLRIDE COLPISCE ANCORA! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 388,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apkVzD2IbGo	FACCIO LA SPIA PER FAR ARRABBIARE MURRY! - Witch It w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 243,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENkPsLP6AbU	ADDIO POLO... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 303,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qawZ8RDqa7I	COME DISEGNARE IN MODO PERFETTO... O Quasi by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 80,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cV-jXwsg6k	REAZIONE AI PRIMI VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBERS ITALIANI #5 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 337,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVqUBybe3j0	MURRY FA IL QUIZ SU GIAMPYTEK! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 443,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUEhe9GhVIg	IL MIGLIOR NASCONDINO DI SEMPRE! Witch it w/ Murry & Pepo by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 254,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vj9mTETAPfA	VI MOSTRO I MIEI DIARI DI SCUOLA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 239,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHBREZVKwfs	IL RITORNO DELLE GARE ILLUMINATE!! - GTA 5 ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 308,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70Ef4_CCrpI	15 LOGHI FAMOSI PRIMA E DOPO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 228,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtNcEmNYck0	PROVA A NON RIDERE #6 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 973,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKmubQCyGPU	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI I POMPIERI SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 830,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Bj7LfoddyA	5000€ DI ZAINO TECNOLOGICO!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 17 minutes 263,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk46KKxcNOA	REAZIONE AI VOSTRI COMMENTI SU QUESTA FOTO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 151,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYqaMn_p030	UNA BANANA ENORME DENTRO LA NUOVA MAPPA!! WTF? - Witch it w/ Murry & Pepo by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 181,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYJGTiQittQ	IL BILIARDINO PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO!! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 499,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwpKhEz6zBg	CHI HA PIÙ ISCRITTI? - Youtubers Smash #2 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 106,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tpb7CKTVTqg	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI FRANKLIN SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 498,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrKVA8dTLfQ	COSA SUCCEDE AL MIO CANALE? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 182,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_BtWTGNFvU	TRAPPOLA PER TOPI SUL CAPEZZOLO! PROMESSA MANTENUTA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 209,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql32SDTul-8	COME FAR DIVENTARE LO SCHERMO DELL'IPHONE IN 3D! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 5 minutes, 57 seconds 334,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NKh67U0RWQ	NUOVE MAPPE E NUOVI NASCONDIGLI PERFETTI! Witch It w/ Murry & Pepo by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 236,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MRiEKxPFAA	HEAD PONG CHALLENGE: CON PENITENZA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 256,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UM5ZCeZDMM	11 PAGINE DI WIKIPEDIA CHE TI PENTIRAI DI AVER APERTO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 180,067 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SknsyPKLuHs	QUANTE ESPLOSIONI FANNO CRASHARE IL GIOCO? GTA 5 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 1,013,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEnONH16apo	REAZIONE AI PRIMI VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBERS ITALIANI #4 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 401,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmMgGqhlG90	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI TREVOR SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 571,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLO1XQC1zlc	NON HO MAI CARICATO QUESTO VIDEO... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 188,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giICzM5WVg4	STAVO PER VINCERE! MA...  - Witch It w/ S7ORMy PASTA & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 202,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NY4FpNHmhJI	NON ANDARE IN QUESTO POSTO SU GTA 5!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 733,044 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1G336wFNk4	PROVA A NON RIDERE #5 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 1,153,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8oq3jY0OvY	CHI HA PIÙ ISCRITTI? - Youtubers Smash by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 396,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omf_uh1Df9Q	Ciao, sono Pietro... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 218,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcAa6k4M3Aw	LA VERNICE CHE CONDUCE ENERGIA - Funzionerà? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 417,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkvacwMNW0A	YOUTUBE POOP INTERVISTA DOPPIA: LA REAZIONE by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 1,248,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEyh6MNeF6M	IL MIO PRIMO TATUAGGIO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 1,326,192 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DO7EMohRSMI	WHISPER CHALLENGE CON SCOSSA ELETTRICA! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 279,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFifc_JHb1E	REAZIONE AL VIDEO "LE FOCACCINE DELL'ESSELUNGA" by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 36 seconds 172,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgkOhenSLW8	ERA UN NASCONDIGLIO PERFETTO, PERÒ.... - Witch It w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 246,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaLNm5INLY8	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI MICHAEL SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 754,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai6cQbZ2XGo	DIMMI CHI SEI! w/ Murry e suo PADRE! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 316,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz1_vj41BOw	NON CERCARE MAI QUESTO NUMERO SU GOOGLE!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 452,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWTjNRoRzV8	GIAMPYTEK CHIAMA - REAZIONE ALLO SCHERZO TELEFONICO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 557,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjfsfVEZyVI	REAZIONE AI PRIMI VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBERS ITALIANI #3 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 14 minutes, 1 second 376,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7m2hRjjCWM	IL NASCONDIGLIO PERFETTO PER VINCERE!! Witch It w/ Pepo & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 14 minutes, 1 second 319,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lN5ucTefEw	HO BLOCCATO IL MIO IPHONE 7!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 493,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZJlUPHFjks	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI UN AMBULANZA SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 511,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPpZd6omYbA	PROVA A NON RIDERE #4 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 1,365,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK7i2OOTIc0	PUO LA TUA PENNA FARE QUESTO? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 820,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG_OXuz-lsc	IL MIGLIOR CACCIATORE DELLA STORIA! Witch It w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 288,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FO_8y7_qXU	HO COMPRATO UN TELESCOPIO!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 210,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYeGjDOeuEM	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI UN AEREO SU GTA 5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 836,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW2t4_2MvNA	SONO APPARSO IN TV DURANTE UN CONCERTO?! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 305,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArAT64qIj58	L'EREDE DEL FIDGET SPINNER?! - Fidget Stick by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 420,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZugWdiA54o	TRENTINO VS SICILIA!! 2v2 SUPER DIVERTENTI! Witch It w/ Murry & iNoob by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 385,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhToj_hhetg	REAZIONE AI PRIMI VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBER ITALIANI #2 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 16 minutes 577,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8Ai1ALEYvY	WHAT APPENS IF FOLLOW A POLICE IN GTAV? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 1,479,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJRX5WwMRxE	APPLE AIRPODS - Valgono 180€? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 286,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5cpRI79Q-4	NEL POSTO PIÙ BELLO DI TUTTA LOS ANGELES! - Vlog dalla California #3 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 90,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsLsThUjfiE	IMPOSSIBILI DA TROVARE!! Witch It w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 298,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k370wWxBwkI	ABBIAMO TROVATO UN IPHONE 6S SULLA SPIAGGIA! - Vlog dalla California #2 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 762,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN1Uw4XS78M	IL JOYPAD PIÙ MODIFICATO DEL MONDO! Utile? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 498,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BliLQwvfG88	UN SOGNO CHE SI REALIZZA! Vlog dalla California #1 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 115,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea5oZGBUAt8	IL MIGLIORE VIDEOGIOCO IN 4K? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 108,415 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQdIOQQPhDg	COSA SUCCEDE SE SEGUI UN TAXI SU GTA5? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 562,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5UHWQ0vI70	PROVA A NON RIDERE #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 1,171,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4hJjnFPIJ4	L'OROLOGIO CHE CONTA GLI ISCRITTI SU YOUTUBE!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 344,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJZ35N0tSrY	LEGGO I MESSAGGI IN DIRECT DELLA MIA (EX) RAGAZZA!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 1,347,071 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pH62tDfTsY0	TROLLATO DA UNA ZUCCA?!! - Witch It w/ Murry S7ORMy & Pepo3393 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 289,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilu7sLfm8Zs	REAZIONE AL PRIMO VIDEO DEGLI YOUTUBER ITALIANI! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 904,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hbyv9uoEsS0	WALLRIDE VS STRADA NORMALE!! Chi arriva primo? - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 265,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCMEeQiJWqo	LO ZAINO CHE NON SI TAGLIA MAI! Funzionerà? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 409,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7_FXBrj5RM	VI MOSTRO LE MIE TESINE DI 3 MEDIA E 5 SUPERIORE! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 689,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUgKzdw_bvs	IL MIGLIOR NASCONDINO DEL MONDO!! Witch It w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 15 minutes 355,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tkvi6lZDgFc	PROVA A NON RIDERE #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 1,804,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b832ZvdLlg0	LE MEME PIÙ IMBARAZZANTI FATTE DA VOI! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 122,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFiw-pASkhM	TOP 3 GADGET SOTTO I 10€ PER IL TUO SMARTPHONE! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 175,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3MV6lJxkpI	CLASH ROYALE PROIETTATO SUL MURO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 369,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YiGgeYhGs4	LA TORRE DI FIDGET SPINNER! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 241,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TD3_wHyKUM	S7ORMy OBBLIGATO AD ESSERE FAMILY FRIENDLY w/ Murry & Phanto90 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 155,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fxJe42t95s	HO ELIMINATO IL MIO ACCOUNT DI CLASH ROYALE! w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 298,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUd0Vp5gDJI	NON AVETE MAI VISTO UNA LAMPADA CHE FA QUESTO... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 235,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7zjFTla7Mk	HO ROTTO IL MIO FIDGET SPINNER PREFERITO!! - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 280,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsHPoQifO_M	IL MIO ULTIMO SPACCHETTAMENTO SU CLASH ROYALE!! w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 212,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU0llqS0Evg	IL DRONE PIÙ PICCOLO DEL MONDO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 428,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNCjhVZ3elQ	IL GIOCO PIÙ FACILE DEL MONDO!! (Forse) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 817,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_CBh1cULz0	LA PS4 SI ROMPE MENTRE REGISTRIAMO GTA 5! w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 302,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81vZi6FxCGk	I CIOCCOLATINI PIU' PICCANTI DEL MONDO!! - Burn or Bliss Challenge by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 286,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRcrDi1xuGY	DUE NUOVI FIDGET SPINNER: A LED E NON by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 727,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03hSBg4lzjU	RIESCI A RICONOSCERE CHE LINGUA È? - The Great Language Game w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 180,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1B-MQicAVU	PROBABILMENTE QUESTO VI CAMBIERA' LA VITA... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 202,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvfsYFNOfiY	PROVA A NON BESTEMMIARE... 99,99% IMPOSSIBILE - Bloody Trapland #2 w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 3 years ago 15 minutes 127,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF6nWA4Z0GY	LA MIA NUOVA AUTO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 487,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlRW5n619Z4	FEDEZ E CHIARA FERRAGNI SI SPOSANO: LE REAZIONI DEL WEB by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 131,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjVm8xRSV_c	GTA 5 ONLINE INVASO DALLE SCIMMIE!! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 184,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pLi1-v3XKs	TOP 10 DISASTRI IN CUCINA by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 281,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GvEOReqd48	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA!? - What's in the Box Challenge w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 1,052,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1dWM_6Fzno	I GUANTI CHE NON SI TAGLIANO MAI! Funzioneranno? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 701,808 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phJ8B3xEfEc	QUESTO GIOCO E' SUPER INQUIETANTE! - Little Nightmares ITA #1 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 19 minutes 44,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyfn-Hw_CDY	LE NUOVE GARE DALL'ALTO SU GTA 5 ONLINE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 111,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV5YQ2Sw_KM	GIAMPY VS MURRY: SFIDA ASSURDA SUI GOKART!! (Con incidente) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 295,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1vxUZ6RwuU	ABBIAMO TROVATO UNA NUOVA LEGGENDARIA AD UN FAN!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 130,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OA0d7-0YtG8	CORTANA VS SIRI! TROLLARE GLI ASSISTENTI VOCALI by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 1,171,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNq0wPd9dsQ	UN WALLRIDE ILLUMINATO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 183,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmjC4AlPCPU	IL MIO NUOVO SETUP DA GAMING/EDIT AGGIORNATO AL 2017! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 155,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTRLH29WStw	GTA 5 VICE CITY MOD! (Il nuovo GTA 6?!) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 426,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPUVzggN6KE	VI RACCONTO CHE COSA MI STA SUCCEDENDO... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 164,760 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhkn9-uTU4w	4 METODI INFALLIBILI PER CONQUISTARE UNA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 64,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFPNgasy_bU	PROVA A NON RIDERE #1 (EXTREME EDITION) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 2,466,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-6qoEaZFfk	IL MIO NUOVO PASSATEMPO PREFERITO!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 1,034,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mlf7UYMMciw	CHIUSI AL BUIO NELL'ASCENSORE DELL'HOTEL! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 193,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pA7pKAZPjy8	SUPER MARIO DENTRO LE GARE!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 176,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtZ4pcSvkXM	REAZIONE AD UNA MIA YOUTUBE POOP ASSURDA!! w/ Murry & BrazoCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 1,569,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ogv8-Ld37aA	PRIME BESTEMMIE IN QUESTA NUOVA AVVENTURA!  Bloody Trapland 2 #1 w/ Lyon & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 16 minutes 119,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxmTdTDAEqw	TROLLARE SIRI... MASCHIO!! (iOS 10.3) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 484,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxEjp6LvE0o	MINECRAFT SU GTA5!! (GTA 5 Mod) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 165,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIoSKxRMjOw	INTERVISTA DOPPIA - GIAMPYTEK & MURRY by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 2,698,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-enSwVJDe9A	GIOCARE A PAC-MAN SU GOOGLE MAPS?!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 213,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zY1t_WUai-Y	VISITARE MARTE SU GTA 5 ONLINE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 328,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i75RHvo_7es	MURRY MINACCIATO DA S7ORMY!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes 71,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urVhlDJ_huw	VERO O FALSO CON LA SCOSSA! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 323,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KxIM0nEBCA	HO COMPRATO L'IPHONE 7 ROSSO!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 535,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql9NL2zCpqg	2v2 GIAMPY & MURRY TEAM! MAZZI PERFETTI NELLA SFIDA TRA CLAN - Clash Royale ITA #53 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 153,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyFo-FwTjUQ	HO ROTTO IL MIO IPHONE 7!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 717,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vP4qbVcdDc	HOW TO SET UP ANIMATED WALLPAER ON YOUR PC - Wallpaper Engine by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 114,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX6wRGzE1r0	HIT THE TARGET WITH THE PARACHUTE CAR!! GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 130,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcwGhkN5_8c	HO RIMORCHIATO UNA MAMMA! - VLOG w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 65,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIvn21GP1Ec	QUESTO GIOCO E' DIVERTENTISSIMO (Ma non lo so giocare 😭) - Disc Jam ITA w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 54,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj3Snq1JGI8	ELECTROSHOCK PICTIONARY CHALLENGE!! w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 22 minutes 858,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LXs5-45Pn4	MY NEW SUPER GAMING PC!! - MSI AEGIS X3 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 265,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fjemBTLNDY	CI AVETE CREATO UNA GARA ASSURDA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 248,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPFkQiBpI4c	LA PROGEN T20 IN REAL LIFE!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 150,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-orP7hWrY8	JAPANESE RAGE GAME!! - YASUHATI by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 104,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T8tHBnPWLY	HO REALIZZATO UN SOGNO!! - Ginevra Motorshow 2017 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 17 minutes 163,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QYp7ZtwNAM	CROSSBAR CHALLENGE CON SCOSSA ELETTRICA! w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,036,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKPRXOWRgpc	UN WALLRIDE TRICOLORE SOSPESO NEL CIELO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 176,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neh9m80zLho	COME FAR DIVENTARE UN QUALSIASI PC PORTATILE TOUCHSCREEN! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 397,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKwGejls_RU	MODALITÀ DRAFT CON LE NUOVE CARTE!!  MURRY VS GIAMPYTEK 3 - Clash Royale ITA #52 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 150,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96yuR2Yi3m8	HAI MAI FATTO SESSO AL PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO? w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 1,221,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuSL0qEvjJM	ACQUA IN TESTA A MURRY DURANTE UN VIDEO!! - Spoiler #MARZO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 165,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9s04brdMHM	200+ GOBLIN GANG IN CAMPO! DEVASTANTI! - Clash Royale ITA #51 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 515,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsHeEv0_1-s	TOILET CHALLENGE con LIMONE! SCHIZZATO IN FACCIA DA UN WATER!!  w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 482,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_Z6957hBpU	UN WALLRIDE TUTTO INFUOCATO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 249,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ouos6h3H7g	YOUTUBE ITALIA IN 3 PAROLE - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 45,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yZ47fo-LWg	CHI PERDE CAMBIA NOME PER SEMPRE!! RANDOM DECK CHALLENGE! - Clash Royale ITA #50 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 282,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcRW_QSVpis	LE MIE LUCI DA GAMING/LAVORO - Philips HUE (Luci Wireless) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 62,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYMmC4sqYVM	UNA GARA STUPEFACENTE!! IN TUTTI I SENSI!!! - GTA V ONLINE w/BrazoCrew & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 308,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpAit2_QqqU	LA MIA MODALITÀ PREFERITA!! IL DRAFT! MURRY VS GIAMPYTEK 2 - Clash Royale ITA #49 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 328,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTkc31k5B-c	IL RE LEONE SU GTA 5!! - GTA V MOD (The Lion King) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 86,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmLX2w3qrF8	MI SONO USTIONATO LE GAMBE!! LE MIE DUE ULTIME SETTIMANE DI INFERNO! 😰 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 62,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AySCWkeHIFw	TOP 3 DECK FEBBRAIO 2017 (Most used deck 02/2017) - Clash Royale ITA #48 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 68,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt3LBOnghpo	HO SCOPERTO DI ESSERE... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 69,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtYRFrFMWkE	LA NUOVA ERA DEI WALLRIDE É ARRIVATA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 262,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBpzgkyfV5g	LIVELLO 10 VS LIVELLO 6 IN ARENA 6!! TROLL DECK CON GOLEM MAXATO! - Clash Royale ITA #47 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 150,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUtfzfQUakY	ADDIO 1300€!! LA MIA NUOVA VIDEOCAMERA IN 4K ULTRA HDIO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 94,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7Cv7eMdB5c	LO BOMBI O LO PASSI CON LA MIA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 624,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhpsTlflFp8	UN CAMPO DA CALCIO ENORME SENZA MOD SU GTA V ONLINE!! w/ Murry & Camper by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 242,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0OQgwWLUlI	50+ ARIETI DA BATTAGLIA IN CAMPO!! IMPOSSIBILE FERMARLI!! - Clash Royale ITA #46 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 110,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht1Mf024AE	SCENDO DI 5 ARENE IN LIVE E TROVO UNA LEGGENDARIA GRATIS!! - Clash Royale by GiampyTek Streamed 3 years ago 2 hours, 20 minutes 255,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAYWXP5EkvM	SPACCHETTAMENTO SU UNA NAVE!! - World of Warships by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 35,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-JZf2sWZWM	NUOVA CARTA ARIETE DA BATTAGLIA VINTA!! CON 7 GIORNI DI ANTICIPO!! - Clash Royale ITA # 44 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 77,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r76oh-3nsBQ	LA SORELLA DI GIOTTO MI TRUCCA! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 47,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBHi2yiOHyI	A 30.000 LIKE MI DEPILO!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 65,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIvGdnNJRDA	LA MIGLIORE CONSOLE PER L'INTRATTENIMENTO: NVIDIA SHIELD TV w/ Caricamente by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 177,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jU3oKmr88No	COSA CAVOLO E'?! UN LABIRINTO ASSURDO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 176,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrCeHt5oTBg	50+ BOIA IN CAMPO!! DEVASTAZIONE TOTALE!! - Clash Royale ITA #43 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 250,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8zaXzrgjrE	IL MIO GIOCO PREFERITO!! 💖 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 50,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUbP4j-aaP8	PUÒ UN UOMO SOPRAVVIVERE A 50 RAZZI? - Happy Room #2 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 72,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76K5-SNNU6s	COMPRO DUE LEGGENDARIE DIVERSE NELLO SHOP!! SFIDA RANDOM DECK w/ Murry - Clash Royale ITA #42 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 142,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5iGsbkBsqo	LA MOTO PIÙ PICCOLA SU GTA 5!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes 274,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcJQ-xemaZM	QUANDO CI SPOSIAMO?! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 143,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwiYBCiXZW0	UN RAGNO ENORME INVADE LOS SANTOS! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 141,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWVk6N_twtQ	PUÒ 1 UOMO SOPRAVVIVERE A 1000 BOMBE? - Happy Room by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 156,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tk36NsNEySI	IL RITORNO DELLA MODALITA' DRAFT! MURRY VS GIAMPYTEK!! - Clash Royale ITA # 41 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 368,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZzWhxv7Mrs	LA MIA POSTAZIONE 2.0 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 196,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lJjnB9l4os	UNA BASE SEGRETA A FORT ZANCUDO!!! - GTA V by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 640,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8En1yuVMiWA	GOBLIN CERBOTTANIERI + CLONAZIONE! DEVASTO TOTALE!! - Clash Royale ITA #40 w/ Mikeshowsha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 214,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3IK1UEu6Lk	LA NUOVA POSTAZIONE DI MURRY!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 593,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pB9b0BpiGdI	HO PRESO UNA MULTA! 😒 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 89,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPEUk9xXL8Q	UN'APE GIGANTESCA SU GTA V ONLINE!! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 147,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR6MwUeDQqQ	HO AIUTATO UNO YOUTUBER IN DIFFICOLTA' by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 387,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T9iTgxu9RQ	10 COSE CHE NON SAI DI GIAMPYTEK (Parte 2) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 78,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTToA08thaE	AUTO RAMPA vs. AUTO RAZZO! - GTA V by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 440,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnSI58Wsja8	GLOWING 1000 DEGREE KNIFE vs. Samsung GALAXY S6 😱😱 (Reazioni) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 1,311,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb7n1IrOB64	DECK LEGGENDARIO VS DECK NORMALE - SFIDA DOPPIO ELISIR! - Clash Royale ITA #39 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 136,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3i8Z3-zmCs	IL PRIMO HOTEL NELLO SPAZIO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 70,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDrMb2qV9KU	HULK ENORME DENTRO GTA V ONLINE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 249,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAYZMHFbbKI	ELIMINO I MIEI VIDEO. by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 63,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYkbaa5mwOc	ULTIMO VIDEO. (del 2016) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 44,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnugAoFUUWM	IL TITANIC SU GTA V!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 421,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MfUjVwjkTU	HO TROVATO LO STREGONE ELETTRICO?! - Clash Royale ITA  #38 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 124,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5phnsL_uWjQ	UN SERPENTE ENORME SU GTA V ONLINE!! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 279,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWF7GJG2gJI	HAI MAI FATTO SESSO IN UN LUOGO PUBBLICO? by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 578,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6VSDgDcRxI	TUTTI I SEGRETI DEL NUOVO VICINO SCOPERTI IN LIVE! (FINALE ASSURDO) by GiampyTek Streamed 3 years ago 2 hours, 18 minutes 123,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMRpvEijZ-o	Come NON montare una SEDIA DA GAMING by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 59,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5udoxZACL5Q	WALLRIDE NATALIZIO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 260,308 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNXmlycRlrQ	VI PRESENTO UGO IL TARTARUGO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 71,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cg1qE5DAuI	HO SPESO 1600€ IN GEMME SU CLASH ROYALE! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 328,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwCblLwdy4A	HO TROVATO DELLE MONETE D'ORO!! - Super Mario RUN by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 34,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ropMqM-PKts	SNIPER FOOTBALL CHALLENGE w/ IlluminatiCrew & Melagoodo by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 415,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWGsrKKC8yw	NUOVA MODALITÀ DRAFT!! SFIDE CON IL CLAN E NUOVA LEGGENDARIA TROVATA! - Clash Royale ITA #37 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 244,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJC0Z-MxVMg	GTA 5: NUOVI VEICOLI ASSURDI! DLC IMPORT EXPORT by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 188,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFvog6RbSKI	TROLLARE IL KILLER E SCAPPARE ALL'ULTIMO SECONDO - Dead by Daylight by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 136,333 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsySmTy1eFk	SCHERZO TELEFONICO A MURRY!! TI HANNO DISTRUTTO LA MACCHINA by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 1,157,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5fPPQIzODA	LA GARA DI PEPPA PIG! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 252,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uWpew48Yko	Un video che NON dovreste vedere... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 82,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMXy_n6CyEo	CLONARE +200 SCHELETRI!! NUOVA CARTA CLONAZIONE ASSURDA! - Clash Royale ITA #36 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 795,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpzUzoV6YO0	WATER BOTTLE FLIP CHALLENGE EXTREME! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 299,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf0Do0DlwlE	IL REGALO DI NATALE PERFETTO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 25 seconds 42,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx12XYxMHkY	LE CARAMELLE CHE ESPLODONO! - Snack Giapponesi w/ Murry & Brazo by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 37 seconds 333,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWZzCv-qfoU	LE GARE DI NATALE SU GTA 5 ONLINE!! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 277,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8DXe7ddSs4	HO APERTO GLI OCCHI SU YOUTUBE by GiampyTek 3 years ago 3 minutes, 50 seconds 49,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hGlfJGbkCk	FLIP THE CHAIR CHALLENGE IN UN CAMPO DA CALCIO! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 38 seconds 244,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFy6YgXm_uc	HO BATTUTO MURRY!! (SFIDA EPICA FINITA MALE) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 71,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQQPhNRn6hY	UN P3N3 ENORME SU GTA 5 ONLINE!! w/ BrazoCrew & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 467,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dbCP-No5YY	HO TROLLATO GOOGLE by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 333,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9_DBGSu2w0	HO RICOMPRATO L'IPHONE 7!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 194,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SM-lnHYlR6s	VIDEOGIOCHI ANNI 90 DENTRO GTA 5!! w/ MikeShowSha S7ormy & Lyon by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 155,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1xKthDZZeQ	BARBARI SCELTI DEVASTANTI!!! NUOVA CARTA! - Clash Royale ITA #35 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 101,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoHeolhlGjc	CABLE MANAGEMENT: COME  MIGLIORARE LA VOSTRA POSTAZIONE by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 92,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4zlbpmrcvI	HO APERTO LA PORTA SEGRETA DEL MIO VICINO IN LIVE!! by GiampyTek Streamed 3 years ago 2 hours, 43 minutes 175,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_EKhcINbtU	COME VINCERE UNA PARTITA IN 38 SECONDI!! IL MIO SUPER DECK - Clash Royale ITA #34 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 120,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9Ub10JZc6I	LYON E MURRY SI ODIANO by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 129,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3I2lNJW9QE	M HANNO RIGATO LA POLO! - Ascolto i vostri messaggi vocali! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 76,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5rQoKz-DCY	SOLO RAZZI SULLA TORRE CENTRALE! TROLL DECK DOPPIO ELISIR!  - Clash Royale ITA #33 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 269,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hs2JaRQHWng	I MIEI NUOVI PAD! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 94,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O60qCK-UJdE	PARKOUR CON LE AUTO OLTRE LE NUVOLE!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 367,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OkkbOIYNxw	NON SO GIOCARE A QUESTO GIOCO E MURRY MI INSULTA! - Worms WMD ITA #2 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 47,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n80gJOydJ9I	PEWDIEPIE MI PORTA IN ALTO!! - Wormax.io ITA (Slither.io 2.0 Remastered HD 4K EPICO) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 57,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzNqSlVYjrc	GTA 5 NUOVO DLC DEADLINE!! MOTO LUMINOSE E SFIDA EPICA CON MURRY! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 352,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZjYiNI3GP4	IL DECK PIU' VELOCE DI CLASH ROYALE!! 1.7 ELISIR! - Clash Royale ITA #32 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 205,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8IKmodiPsg	AGGIORNIAMO IL MIO STUDIO: PANNELLI FONOASSORBENTI by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 126,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl8Uhqi4a7Y	GRETA MENCHI VS KISSY118 - Worms WMD ITA #1 w/Snitecs Murry & Ilvostrocarodexter by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 107,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o09Vy06LCNE	ADESSO BASTA!! SPIEGO IL MIO CLICKBAIT! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 57,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p1WVW1sTQU	HO FERMATO IL TRENO SU GTA 5?! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 514,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXZB_1MYiUc	TROLLATO DA VOI! (Stronzi ahah) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 45,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5Y9GG7Z58Q	LA VERITA' SUL MIO NOME! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 95,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ6lv4DzSzs	LEGGENDARIE contro COMUNI: LA SFIDA!! - Clash Royale ITA #31 w/MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 491,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8p0UrLS9Tw	TROLLARE SIMSIMI (Bot fuori dal comune) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 928,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzluNJF5T3s	UN MIO AMICO RISPONDE AL MIO QUIZ! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 59,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no1T2jbV144	WALLRIDE DU BRASIL! BRAZOCRIU E' FELICIU!! -  GTA V ONLINE w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 507,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA74qYddJyo	CAMBIO. by GiampyTek 3 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 61,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcjDu2UTlgA	ALLA RICERCA DEL CIMITERO MA TROVO 2 LEGGENDARIE EPICHE!! - Clash Royale ITA #30 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 145,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22_49JRomlg	LA WEBCAM MIGLIORE PER GLI YOUTUBER! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 53,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXAcWeEFwSM	NASCONDINO TERRIFICANTE!! Speciale HALLOWEEN! Hide and Shriek w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 175,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOiIoocQs7Y	AGGREDITO DAL MIO VICINO!! - Hello Neighbor by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 169,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk-9Z_84d8E	MURRY TROLLATO DA UN FAN SU DEAD BY DAYLIGHT!! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 180,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFBLLcm1R5k	IL MIO SEGRETO PER VINCERE! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 45,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAuATB44LhI	SES*O CON IL GATTO! - Insegreto RETURN! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 98,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSld7xLXgqo	NUOVE GARE! NUOVE MOTO O AUTO? NUOVO DLC! - GTA V ONLINE w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 354,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GERiGoz1eF8	CI HANNO LANCIATO UNA BOTTIGLIA ALLA GAMESWEEK by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 168,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtnXVxr3fIU	DEAD BY DAYLIGHT: CON I FAN!! by GiampyTek Streamed 3 years ago 1 hour, 19 minutes 115,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZfEOQkhOas	LE 5 COSE CHE APPLE INVIDIA A SAMSUNG by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 352,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEwc3kphljc	PRESERVATIVO IN TESTA A MURRY!! - Blindfold Challenge 4.0 (Oggetti strani) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 365,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRjJXoeYZbw	NON CI CREDO!! LA LEGGENDARIA CHE CERCAVO!! - Clash Royale ITA #29 w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 3 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 140,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57vLFFes8y4	SE LA TUA RAGAZZA TI CHIEDESSE DI... by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 79,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHNQ3qRZ3Bs	PARKOUR SUGLI UFO CON LE MOTO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Cicciogamer89 & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 186,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lHoMnSzkV0	BABY FOOD CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 80,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YorA2zhUZVY	LANCIARE MOUSE DALLA RABBIA! GIAMPY vs MURRY su COD by GiampyTek 3 years ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 179,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ud9Hd8DYJCo	BAULE LEGGENDARIO, EPICO E SUPERMAGICO DI FILA GRATIS!! (2 LEGGENDARIE!!) - Clash Royale ITA # 28 by GiampyTek 3 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 305,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W7HjX70HZA	PARODIA PPAP SUPER IGNORANTE (MurryTek edition) by GiampyTek 3 years ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 284,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grFMJygKXKY	BLASFEMIA ALLO STATO PURO! - Outlast 2 Demo by GiampyTek 3 years ago 16 minutes 54,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLF18quSWIU	LE 5 COSE CHE SAMSUNG INVIDIA AD APPLE by GiampyTek 3 years ago 9 minutes, 9 seconds 291,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v85Xn94ivM	LA GARA DEL DRAGO SHENRON! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 277,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-YxanaqVV8	RIUSCIRESTI A GUIDARE IN QUESTE CONDIZIONI?! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 90,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBmQUK9iEXY	MI HANNO FATTO UBRIACARE PER IL MILIONE DI MIKE! (Non è uno scherzo) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 218,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmVchve21-Y	CHE AUTO HO COMPRATO?! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 365,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7C0V6VScKY	LA TRUFFA PIU' GRANDE DI TUTTA LA MIA VITA by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 248,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwF5z_DuEqA	ALLA RICERCA DEL DRAGO INFERNALE! NUOVA LEGGENDARIA! - Clash Royale ITA #27 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 148,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwObSfNldBM	DIVENTO MILIONARIO COME PEWDIEPIE!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 52,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQDHEaCylJk	I MIEI VIDEO DI 7 ANNI FA! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 78,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU27PVoOrAE	YOUTUBE ITALIA NON HA SEGRETI!! - IL QUIZ by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 65,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArHc2_SnJ8c	EQUILIBRISTI CON LE MOTO SU GTA 5 ONLINE! (Gara di 1 ora) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 171,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m_CNZTMSCw	DOCCIA GHIACCIATA CHALLENGE SU DEAD BY DYALIGHT!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 119,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWe0ucWa_sE	Come diventare un EROE di YouTube... (Youtube Heroes parody) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 50,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wda2I3SZM1s	CHI E' IL PIU' FAMOSO?! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 57,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fZpYQCjzOc	UNA SCATOLA CON SORPRESA by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 69,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjLe10CUU30	NUOVE LEGGENDARIE E NUOVI BAULI!! MEGASGHERRO SUPER OP! - Clash Royale ITA #26 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 160,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0lJjBjz5Ck	GIAMPYTEK vs MURRY - UN REMAKE DEL PASSATO (Con un PLUS!) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes 79,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bqmktA-Z_Y	LA MIGLIORE MOD GRAFICA DI GTA 5!! (Redux) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 151,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04O8dLRY_4s	HO TROLLATO UN FAN AL MCDONALD'S!! - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 82,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eA4qxDy7hoE	IL WALLRIDE PIU LUNGO DEL MONDO SU GTA V!! w/ MikeShowSha & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 512,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Viq_fTWaL5k	I MIEI 5 YOUTUBERS ITALIANI PREFERITI! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 76,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxwtJw0HLMo	DEAD BY DAYLIGHT ALLE 3 DI NOTTE! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 290,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMyiYhrEjEs	VI MOSTRO UN MIO VIDEO DEL 2010 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 112,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34_SiIWFfXo	LE 10 PAROLE DA SAPERE SUI SICILIANI by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 129,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCvcin9LDmY	Un videogioco... EPICO! ASSURDO!! (No Mario's Sky) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 82,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GiYHUKJqSg	UN IMBUTO DELLA MADONNA SU GTA V! w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 285,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfzJtxgHCEo	WATER WAR CHALLENGE! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 766,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8I__RdpfnA	QUANTI YOUTUBERS CONOSCO? - IL QUIZ! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 148,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xoEZsvdVxo	LA MIGLIOR GIOCATA DEL MONDO! (EPICA) - Dead by Daylight w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 232,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94sKJmNXaHA	Ciao, esponici tua madre. CIAO - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 98,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMfFjkmqQGA	Non ce la faccio, troppi ricordi... by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 100,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqRWsLnPFAQ	IL KING DEL WALLRIDE 2.0:  UN FAN CI UMILIA!! - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 404,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5x4WifTXBw	BATTLEFIELD 1 FUNNY MOMENTS (PC GAMEPLAY) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 74,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gerUldbY5SA	TROLLARE LA NUOVA SIRI! (iOS 10) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 757,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYGljTyO4rE	IL QUIZ DELLA ILLUMINATICREW!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes 252,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpJZzGMQkqU	LA MIA MODALITA' PREFERITA - Titanfall 2 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 48,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haxzA9fpRbo	MURRY CAGASOTTO: REGISTRO DI NASCOSTO!! - Dead by Daylight by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 203,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY03FQ0M7dY	PARATA CHALLENGE w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 2,263,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEH0atgLXcE	1000 MODI PER MORIRE... E RIDERE!  w/ Camper Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 215,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLLn26l0wXk	QUANTE NE SO SU HARRY POTTER? - IL QUIZ! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 140,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w47LuLl206Y	UN PARCO ACQUATICO SU GTA 5 ONLINE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 526,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwnY0MECHf4	I SEGRETI HOT DI FERRAGOSTO! - Insegreto #23 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 127,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v17b1Y1FDI	OPEN YOUR MOUTH CHALLENGE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 237,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJVPjWqI1R4	NASCONDINO PER GAMER! - Dead By Daylight w/ Lyon & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 292,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_JufDoE2EE	POKEMON GO SU GTA V - GTA 5 MOD by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 306,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3rc_-EEkxE	SONO UN ATLETA! MI FACCIO MALE E SWAG IN LIMOUSINE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 114,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-B9vdRvS_Pk	3 PIANETI OSTILI VOGLIONO UCCIDERMI! - No Man's Sky ITA by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 40,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FogN4sMy7pU	HO MAI AVUTO UNA RELAZIONE CON UNA FAN?! - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 40,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_sRR9xqHW8	HO TRASFERITO CHARIZARD by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 148,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtrprQq9E7U	GTA 5 CON GRAFICA DA PAURA!! (Nuovo GTA6?) - MOD by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 370,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKHR5JUhttk	GLI OCCHIALI PIU’ STRANI DEL MONDO!! -  Upside Down CHALLENGE w/IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 448,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sru1NddhNgk	QUANTE NE SO SU CLASH ROYALE?! - IL QUIZ!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 95,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp-oQoZYHdk	VIVERE UN GIORNO DA SOLI by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 124,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xu4LTNQIrRo	MACCHINE VS UMANI! SPACCHETTIAMO NEL NUOVO UFFICIO! - Clash Royale ITA #25 w/ BrazoCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes 118,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBcrNufd4ic	LA PALESTRA DI POKEMON GO PIU' DIFFICILE IN ITALIA?! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 57 seconds 239,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Mb-yGEIvfQ	GARE SACCAGNATE SULLA MAZDA! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 225,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paZjL8Gdg48	SC*PARE UTILIZZANDO POKEMON GO COME ESCA!! - Insegreto #22 [POKE EDITION] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 110,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VycXsWWgpHc	QUANTE NE SO SU GIAMPYTEK?! - IL QUIZ!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 140,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFLxTPKZrzg	CHI SBAGLIA: SCOTCH SU TUTTO IL CORPO!! - Say Anything CHALLENGE w/IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 40 seconds 1,040,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOaMFrQ4kxY	VLOG IN BARCA! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes 83,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ozXm1oZH0s	L'INCONTRO CON IL PROFESSOR ROCC! - Pokemon GO: LA WEBSERIE #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 145,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpW8vTveN5E	MINECRAFT CHALLENGE: 15 SFIDE IN 3 MINUTI!! - Hypixel Says w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 48,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFEj_FCuJLs	CELLULARE ROTTO GIOCANDO A POKEMON GO! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 181,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsEwxdxfJ6w	VI PORTO NELLO SPAZIO! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 14 seconds 48,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWjzSyYccps	BRAZOCREW HA DEI PROBLEMI CON IL... - GTA V ONLINE DLC STUNT w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 256,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdIWPWZYH-A	IL MIO NUOVO SETUP! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 359,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o7QY2wSbxY	L'ATTACCO DEI PIRANHA! PRIMI IN CLASSIFICA A PRIMO TENTATIVO! - Piranh.io ITA by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 71,177 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seZUqnGq8tA	SALVIAMO IL MONDO DAL CAOS!! -  MINECRAFT: MIZZLE 3 #FINALE w/ RoYaLaizZz by GiampyTek 4 years ago 15 minutes 48,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSCx2_YyYj8	QUANTE NE SO SU YOUTUBE ITALIA?! - IL QUIZ!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 225,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJgm8j45J7Q	TETTE O CULO? SE YOUTUBE NON FOSSE MAI ESISTITO?! - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 95,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT9njlWiFeg	SIRI MI FA PERDERE TROFEI!!! RANDOM 1-58 DECK CHALLENGE! - Clash Royale ITA #24 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 169,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knfSEv2YkEs	GTA 5 RIVOLUZIONATO!! NUOVE AUTO E GARE! DLC STUNT DA CAPOGIRO w/ Lyon Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 359,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S58XhPgt_zs	SOGNI EROTICI SU DI ME?! I SEGRETI DEI MIEI FAN! - Insegreto #21 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 152,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzeXLgBpTbk	UNO SCIENZIATO PAZZO PROVA AD UCCIDERCI! - MINECRAFT: MIZZLE 3 #2 w/ RoYaLaizZz by GiampyTek 4 years ago 19 minutes 60,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx2RK6URT30	LA SERIE CHE NON VI ASPETTAVATE... - Pokemon GO: LA WEBSERIE #1 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 337,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-fvUY557ak	CHI GUARDA QUESTO VIDEO.. PUÓ ACCOMPAGNARE SOLO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 312,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTs0I5l4nKg	2 LEGGENDARIE DI FILA!! NUOVA ARENA 8 E TORNEO CREATO!! - Clash Royale ITA #23 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 322,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wUmMfjd9AY	ABBIAMO FATTO UN KASINO!! GIAMPY E ROY DI NUOVO INSIEME!! - MINECRAFT: MIZZLE 3 #1 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 17 minutes 85,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkA0qt3B3y8	STAVA ANDANDO TUTTO BENE... E POI?! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 65,201 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAka-yQ657E	UN'ISOLA SEGRETA SU GTA 5?! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 561,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_argLu89gg	QUESTO GIOCO E' UNA DROGA! SFIDA ALL'ULTIMA RISATA! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 112,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZXQRKnTHbY	LEGGENDARIA NEL BAULE GRATIS! TOTALMENTE A CASO!! - Clash Royale ITA #22 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 689,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wV3XysJ0hEc	MI SONO P3N3TRATA CON... - Insegreto #20 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 296,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EJr8uj_GPM	PERCHE' NON FAI PIU' MINECRAFT? - AnswerTek by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 76,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCqTPpHKmwk	MONSTER CHALLENGE!! SVETLANA IMPAZZISCE! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 277,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aphQBMHx0s	LA MALEDIZIONE DI SLITHER.IO!!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 125,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gvj6xVwVWw	LEGGENDARIA A CULO!! - LE PEGGIORI COPIE DI CLASH ROYALE #2 (Jungle Clash) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 403,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hGBjdCXVVk	POTEVO FINIRE IN TV ROYALE... - Clash Royale ITA #21 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 133,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ki-z5XecHH0	LA CANZONE DELLA PASTA CON LE SARDE! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 222,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIVyAwSZQKw	MANICHINI IMPAZZITI E JUMPSCARE BASTARDI! - Resident Evil 7 Gameplay ITA by GiampyTek 4 years ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 98,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rhkhBbbn8I	IO E BRAZO UBRIACHI AL PITTI DI FIRENZE! [Vlog TRASH] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 83,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqXc7oTbgog	DIMMI CHE SONO UNA... - Insegreto #19 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 251,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LD-Vud6lcIA	MAZZI IMPOSSIBILI! DRAFT DECK CHALLENGE! - Clash Royale ITA #20 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 238,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XY1qEQDVtGg	GIAPPOCHALLENGE: DORAYAKI MIGLIORE! SFIDA IN CUCINA! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 394,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8ddqUkbOZk	LE PEGGIORI COPIE DI CLASH ROYALE #1: CRAFT ROYALE (MINECRAFT EDITION) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 136,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1acwWKXi3iw	MI HANNO RICOPERTO DI SCOTCH! - Vlog Varese 3/4/5 Giugno by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 67,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja_4FohyCz4	15ENNI SUPERDOTATE!! - Insegreto #18 [SEGRETI SOFT] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 320,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5sIPFKkous	SHOPPO E BASTA!! NON SO GIOCARE A CLASH ROYALE! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 214,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqLM1udOz1M	DI NUOVO PRIMI?!! VAFFANCU*O!! LA REGOLA PER VINCERE! - Slither.io ITA #9 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 254,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzGo3iLQD_o	ABBIAMO VINTO TUTTO ALLA FINALE DI OVERWATCH - Vlog Milano 30  Maggio by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 84,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl891QmL0Zg	MURRY E MIKESHOWSHA LITIGANO IN DIRETTA!  - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 514,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_va9JqYhbU	MA COSA STA SUCCEDENDO?! 300€ IN BAULI! - Clash Royale ITA #18 [Parte 2] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 275,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9qLyY3D4OA	IL MIO PRIMO GIOCO SU PLAYSTATION 2! EMOZIONE A MILLE!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 114,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpezwiVVtyE	300€ IN BAULI!! SCONTO LA MIA PENA!  LEGGENDARIE BASTARDE! - Clash Royale ITA #17 [Parte 1] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 396,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hdvqc1XM7O4	GIOCARE A GTA 5 DA UBRIACHI! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 195,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IcJTlVlGsI	LA MIA RAGAZZA HA TROPPI PELI LÀ... - Insegreto #17 [EPISODIO ACAB] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 200,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfBq-OOp5ww	TOP 3 DECK!! I TRE MIGLIORI MAZZI DI CLASH ROYALE! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 320,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeR6dG78aao	PRIMO NEL SERVER! FINALMENTE!! +30.000 MASS!! - Slither.io ITA #8 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 399,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSEXAbIJCg8	TI PIACE VINCERE FACILE? SCOPRI COME! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 68,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64lT_Ll1CXs	IL SEGRETO DI MURRY!! ECCO COSA FA LA NOTTE IN HOTEL! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ORMY by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 167,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QdyeKKIEsw	TOP 10 MIGLIORI CARTE SU CLASH ROYALE! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 274,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l46eQIjnTC0	HO TROVATO IL MINATORE LEGGENDARIO!! DECK ASSURDI! - Clash Royale ITA #16 w/ MikeShowsha & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 290,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeWuEeuKuUM	MURRY MI RIPRENDE MENTRE SONO NUDO SULLA CICLETTE!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 331,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMljuDzgoW4	AD UN PASSO DAL RECORD! PUNTI INFINITI!! - Slither.io ITA #7 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 122,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypQB691Kq6w	CHI PERDE: OFFRE LA CENA!! CHALLENGE SU GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry [PENITENZA FATTA] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 614,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIzbkoZinSw	TUTTI MI APPLAUDONO A ITALIA'S GOT TALENT! - Vlog FINALE 13 Maggio by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 341,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qhgv4WjvlM8	IL SEGRETO DI UNA MILF! - Insegreto #16 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 181,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2JFCVQQmEg	UCCIDO I TOP PLAYER E SFONDO LA CLASSIFICA! - Slither.io ITA #6 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 216,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Cjr9yobBl8	L'HOTEL PIU' TERRIFICANTE DEL MONDO! - Vlog 6/7Maggio by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 133,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiH3BL349k4	SFIDA A COLPI DI LEGGENDARIE!! PRINCESS VS ICE WIZARD - Clash Royale ITA #15 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 166,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwy-QRGsPYU	ABUSARE VIOLENTEMENTE DI S7ORMY! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 284,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxDtIIOHivQ	LA SCALATA VERSO LA PRIMA POSIZIONE!! - Slither.io ITA #5 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 137,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5wA0nfT580	COME VINCERE FACILMENTE UNA PARTITA SU OVERWATCH! w/ MikeShowsha & Spawn by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 78,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0Fy7TToOPw	INCINTA DAL FRATELLO?! - Insegreto #15 [LE VERITA' DI INSEGRETO] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 24 seconds 456,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkpdmkMwjTg	HO TROVATO DUE NUOVE LEGGENDARIE! CHEST OPENING EPICO!! - Clash Royale ITA #14 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 479,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBlLsPgYRYQ	LA POLIZIA MI PERQUISISCE PER UN CONTROLLO! - Vlog 29/30 Aprile by GiampyTek 4 years ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 120,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyennSPAWn8	SCHERZO A MURRY MENTRE E' 4 IN CLASSIFICA!!! - Slither.io ITA # 4 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 349,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mZLHs351JY	UNA PROSTI*UTA NERA PER CALMARSI! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 253,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fORjpfKNL0c	PROVATE A BATTERMI SU QUESTO GIOCO!!! - Rocket League ITA w/ xMurry & iNoob by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 389,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZfb_Ho2yT0	HO FATTO IL RECORD MONDIALE!!! Sliter.io ITA #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 346,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRrK85JULJw	DRAFT DECK CHALLENGE!  - Clash Royale ITA #13 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 411,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhKhu_jrs7Q	MURRY MI VUOLE UCCIDERE AL SUSHI!! - Vlog 22/23 Aprile by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 82,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWf8VFDg1ng	GAVETTONI DI SBO*RA!! - Insegreto #14 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 476,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aShjc3rv0kA	NIKI MINAJ SU SLITHER!!! - Slither.io ITA #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 241,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32NgY3rsv90	14000 GEMME!! 500€ SU CLASH ROYALE! - Clash Royale ITA #12 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 210,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taRFU2fSB4s	WALLRIDE IN MOTO SUPER MISTERIOSO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 141,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxFaSuRyk_o	TROLLARE LA GENTE VESTITO DA IRONMAN: BACKSTAGE! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 106,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRw1HCyOa_M	UN VIAGGIO FINITO MALE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 100,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8bXw4mILzY	OTTENERE GEMME GRATIS SU CLASH ROYALE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 896,691 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTFz2kGH_wU	MI PRENDO UNA SCOSSA ELETTRICA AL ROMICS!! - Vlog 9/10 Aprile by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 78,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIk1x7GQLVo	VINCE CHI CE L'HA PIU' LUNGO! - Slither.io ITA #1 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 36 seconds 174,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tQm6q-thgk	PROVO A VENDERE DEL PREZZEMOLO AD UNA VECCHIETTA!! - Vlog Venerdì 8 Aprile by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 113,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95snOdynLM4	IL DECK PIU' LENTO DI CLASH ROYALE!! 7 ELISIR!! - Clash Royale ITA #11 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 772,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WXpx08jWFA	UNA GARA MOLTO CONCITATA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ BrazoCrew & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 417,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZNEMjGgDCc	CANTARE MUSICA NAPOLETANA IN AUTOSTRADA! - Vlog Sabato 2 Aprile by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 94,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpF4DAUJaZQ	IL RITORNO DEL DANTE GIORGIO?! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 293,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-bkc5qpnTY	PEKKA VS GOLEM! X9 MAGICAL CHEST OPENING!! - Clash Royale ITA #10 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes 265,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d7Kv0L8foE	MORIVO DAL DOLORE E... - Insegreto #13 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 448,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6wtT64RHNQ	PESCE D'APRILE! - FINTO SPACCHETTAMENTO SU CLASH! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 3 minutes, 11 seconds 174,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUZBxm8z5DA	L'INGREDIENTE SEGRETO DELLA PASTA CON LE COZZE!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 200,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyKV73V2UEs	100€ DI GEMME IN ARENA 7! LEGGENDARIA ARRIVO - Clash Royale ITA #9 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 331,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEuD5eAT7OM	UN LADRO MI RUBA LA VALIGIA IN STAZIONE!! - Vlog 26/27 Marzo by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 123,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIalDvqr4tQ	OMICIDIO SU INSEGRETO!!? - #12 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 301,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW0EdNebNJg	7 MAGICAL CHEST OPENING!! ALTRI 50€ ANDATI!! - Clash Royale ITA #8 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 254,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zVquznefkE	UN WALLRIDE RIVOLUZIONARIO!!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 193,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5zm9ok8zoc	ARENA 7 IRRAGGIUNGIBILE!! DECK GOLEM DEVASTANTE! - Clash Royale ITA #7 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 15 minutes 320,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7zzn-qgKDE	LA PANTO ANFIBIA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 237,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bclguk-CRdg	SCOPRO LA MIA EX SUOCERA A... - INSEGRETO #11 [EPISODIO TRASH] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 161,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Qbhvk6QJKY	HO SPESO 200€!! CHEST OPENING ARENA 6 - Clash Royale ITA #6 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 547,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzE26pRy7eQ	S7ORMy CANTA BARESE!!! BATTAGLIA RAP ILLUMINATA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ MikeShowSha Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 444,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgVT8VkoGlU	HO TROVATO TUTTO!! DECK CHALLENGE - Clash Royale ITA #5 w/ MikeShowsha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 391,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe5aHEOM4_A	LA MIA RAGAZZA SPENDE TUTTI I MIEI SOLDI!! - INDOVINA LA CANZONE w/ Chiara by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 103,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2zeVCPRY7k	RECORD DI ORGASMI!! - Insegreto #10 [EPISODIO XL] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 399,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOH2NUUAYCU	COSA SIGNIFICA AI LIMITI DELL'EVOLUTO? - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 186,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfGKgMxFo1A	HO TROVATO UNA CARTA LEGGENDARIA!! SPACCHETTAMENTO EPICO - Clash Royale ITA #4 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 820,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rj8FU_Ki0U4	RISKIA IL GUSTO CHALLENGE! w/ Chiara [VOMITO!! BLEAH!!] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 90,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RVUCCp4qMg	WALLRIDE SUPER ACROBATICO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ BrazoCrew & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 29 seconds 179,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGKOOnERVGs	FINALMENTE L'HO TROVATA!! - Clash Royale ITA #3 w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 219,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBMtVh0n0eE	POMP*NO IN AUTOSTRADA! - Insegreto #9 [BOY EDITION] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 251,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tl_MF_w0m0	MIKESHOWSHA MI DEDICA UNA CANZONE! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 173,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ensiKSy0_g	APRIAMO IL BAULE SUPER MAGICO!! TOP 35 IN ITALIA!! - Clash Royale #2 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes 610,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqjwPXzjBvo	ABUSI SU MURRY!! - Minecraft Minigames #2 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 63,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTA7If3EXhY	I RACCONTI DI STORMY E MURRY! - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 421,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l0d2W0vJCs	QUESTO GIOCO ME MANDA AR MANICOMIO! - Clash Royale ITA #1 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 158,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUVCA94jTCo	LANCIARE OGGETTI SULLA MIA RAGAZZA! - VLOG Centro Benessere by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 94,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvDlTGszdgI	MAST*RBARSI CON UNA ZUCCHINA! - Insegreto #8 [GIRL EDITION] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 257,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGYu9IUpsYI	SUPER PARKOUR CON LE MOTO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ BrazoCrew Murry & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 523,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k0700dutzc	HANNO PREMIATO LA MIA BANANA! - Minecraft Minigames #1 w/ Murry & Jaco by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 77,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTUqwfU9ZOU	COLTIVARE GANJA SU GTA V w/ Snoop Dogg by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 133,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F23wefhKUM	INDOVINA LO YOUTUBER CHALLENGE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 333,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_2bFNV8AbM	GRIND CON I QUAD E WALLRIDE SOTT'ACQUA! - GTA V ONLINE w/ J0K3R & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 273,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBaxh_ZAYbo	LA VAGI*A DEFORMATA! - Insegreto #7 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 365,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u4AnZgDelU	LE BATTUTE (Tristi) DI MIKESHOWSHA! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 697,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CzwLVw61bM	MINECRAFT: PARKOUR CHALLENGE #2 [FINALE] w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 52 seconds 97,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMclYz1xmsk	UN UCCELLO MI VIENE ADDOSSO!! - Vlog Milano 10-11 Febbraio by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 83,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWQBiCn8CaA	ROVINIAMO IL SAN VALENTINO!! - GTA ONLINE w/ Lyon & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 137,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0Dv7KtiWww	TRASFORMATI IN HOTEL! - MSQRD w/ S7ORMy & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 89,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leEZdiHsW-Q	GARE AEREOPORTUALI! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry S7ORMy & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 514,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3o46H34ob0	MI... LA SORELLA DELLA MIA FIDANZATA - Insegreto #6 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 234,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2FrFOJV7tE	MINECRAFT: PARKOUR CHALLENGE #1 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 39 seconds 129,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB5pb4af6mY	IL KING DEL WALLRIDE SONO IO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 376,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiMp8zdUgHc	MI HANNO HACKERATO TWITCH! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 3 seconds 84,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAOU4hFgcaQ	FRIENDZONARE O ESSERE FRIENDZONATI? - Would You Rather by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 67,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YacZeY4FP3w	GTA V PC: THE LAST OF US MOD (World & Player model) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 27 seconds 90,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3xm8t4M3ns	UNA FAN PIANGE PER ME!! (Speciale 398.666 Iscritti) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 98,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxtfZObnsw8	HO PERSO LA BACCHETTA!! ► A SCUOLA DI MAGIA! #3 [Minecraft 1.9] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 57,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=815B8Hfqdxc	LA GARA SUL MONTE SUPERDIFFICILE! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 277,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5EFsSplSms	MIA SORELLA HA LA GOLA... - Insegreto #5 [+18 EDITION] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 330,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7y2GfAP1ek	DOVE REGISTRO I MIEI VIDEO? COME? ECCO IL MIO STUDIO! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 111,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfmSO-TTTo	GTA V PC: SINGLEPLAYER YACHT MOD by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 77,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR7DmdwTsS4	WALLRIDE CON I QUAD!!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 284,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThrfRohMYeo	IL MIO VILLAGGIO! VENDETTA SCHIACCIANTE! - Clash of Clans by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 80,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV10geYvWBc	A SCUOLA DI MAGIA!  #2 [Minecraft 1.9] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 65,255 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzOirKhHGSI	LA MADRE ZOZZA?! - Insegreto #4 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 252,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl8DbLrxfNI	WALLRIDE NELLO SPAZIO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 359,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz1o2Gq5Hkg	A SCUOLA DI MAGIA!  #1 [Minecraft 1.9] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 88,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZTmdahxntw	IL COLORE PREFERITO DI XMURRY? - Color Switch by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 83,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ETSyEDtwhw	AKINATOR SENZA NAFTA by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 22 seconds 86,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2oVsSuvJuU	WALLRIDE AD OSTACOLI! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 22 seconds 289,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQUvWCkFkZo	MINECRAFT: CLASH OF CLANS CI DISTRAE!!  - Appearance Parkour FINALE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 82,128 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBaCNi-Dr7U	IL CAPEZZOLO MAGICO - Insegreto #3 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 266,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rES9-i4_O7E	IL TEAM DEL PICCHIO PACCHIO! - Hardware Rivals w/ ilvostrocarodexter & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 65,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-rvl3yjVWY	VISITA AD HOGWARTS!! - Would You Rather by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 49,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAMHpZwQluM	WALLRIDE QUINTUPLO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/Murry BrazoCrew & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 509,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-eSJwcSzlw	MINECRAFT: LA MAMMA DI MURRY MI SENTE!!  - Appearance Parkour #5 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 86,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGgV64l81VY	GTA V PC: WATCH DOGS MOD (Hacking, CtOS, HUD) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 15 seconds 106,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25JLjtNot-4	HO UCCISO UN PICCIONE CON LA MACCHINA! D: - Vlog 10 Gennaio 2016 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 78,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7E79pPoSsk	OSSESSIONATO DALLE TETTE!! - Insegreto #2 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 23 seconds 256,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MAjjAEvYrc	MINECRAFT: BASTA GUARDARE IL TELEFONO!! - Appearance Parkour #4 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 86,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGCtnIrA_Wk	DEXTER GUIDA LA MACCHINA DI MURRY! - Hardware Rivals by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 91,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2TcOM_LpB0	600 VS PASTACONLECOZZE! - Agar.io  w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 98,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYTVKJXy3ZY	STO ANNA' A TERNI! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry MikeShowsha & S7ormy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 439,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTouTk61y-E	FACEBOOK VS TWITTER - Would You Rather by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 63,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhj8zN4T3w0	MINECRAFT: TI SCULACCEREI! - Appearance Parkour #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 91,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiC1QdgIGb8	LO YOUTUBER SPOGLIA FAN! - Insegreto #1 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 273,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_CTlQLR1MA	SCHERZO ALLA MIA RAGAZZA IN HOTEL!! SONO MEZZO UBRIACO!! - Vlog Capodanno 2016 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 186,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8BiG9vyAYs	COSA FACCIO A CAPODANNO? by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 38 seconds 59,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkfBbRO1bsE	RISATE CONTAGIOSE!!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ BrazoCrew & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 546,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWSIbMU5bZ4	BEST OF 2015 - GiampyTek by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 103,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcNKB0xfdiM	MINECRAFT: LO SCAGNOZZO SCEMO!!  - Appearance Parkour #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 99,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgnFNi_qi8c	FASHION OR PORN CON LA MIA RAGAZZA! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 147,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PssMio2BwS0	MINECRAFT: PRIME BESTEMMIE!! - Appearance Parkour #1 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 135,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeOK3sN9yKE	3 BABBI BASTARDI! - GTA V ONLINE (Funny Story) w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 164,344 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuUfVL5oE4c	UN FAN MI FA PIANGERE! (Speciale Compleanno) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 173,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqmldY8Ypjs	UNA GARA TAMPONATA - GTA V ONLINE w/ Dexter BrazoCrew & Camper by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 469,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKZsMz9jO9A	ILVOSTROCARODEXTER HA PERSO TUTTI GLI ISCRITTI! w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 107,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TVRHwtH_Ag	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: FINALMENTE E' FINITA!!  - Canyon Jumps #19 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 98,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z_GAaSVjDs	TROLLARE CLEVERBOT by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 100,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSWndkJ6zM8	CHE FINE HA FATTO LA 600? - AnswerTek #14 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 85,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeG3wuR30Wc	QUANDO PROVI A REGISTRARE... by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 84,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UbQvW3xp-0	MURRY RIMORCHIA GENTE A CASO!! - Elsword Contest by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 41 seconds 70,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyioyO3WqKw	STORMy INCORRUTTIBILE!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Lyon by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 130,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FNphB5luZE	SIAMO DELUSI E INCAZZATI! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 454,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOwYQcaQNTU	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: RIDERE PER 2 ORE!!  - Canyon Jumps #18 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 92,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l7J4gBMFWs	TAGLIATI I PELI! CHE SCHIFO! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 2 minutes, 41 seconds 71,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaA7_tT3Hf8	KNOT IL MACAGNO! - Uncharted 4 CHALLENGE w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 47,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZuxwlCQSOQ	CHE FIGATA STO WALLRIDE!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 379,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJTycEQHEkk	FASHION OR PORN?!  w/ MikeShowSha [+18] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 193,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xei0XW2-G3k	RUBARE AUTO A ROMA!  - Vlog 4/5 Dicembre by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 33 seconds 73,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpvYuNij_v8	TESTICULA PESANTIS! - Minecraft: Gli Sfasciati #4 w/Lyon & Murry [60FPS] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 105,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_yGEhljqfY	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: DIFFICOLTA' CHUCK NORRIS!! - Canyon Jumps #17 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 90,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf0crwUsum4	LE MIE VECCHIE FOTO IMBARAZZANTI! - Il mio lato nascosto by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 152,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-3jaX8Q9ss	LA MIA RAGAZZA MI LASCIA!! - Test Divertenti by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 40 seconds 86,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1OfJksyqi8	MI HA FATTO UNO SGARRO!!  - Black Ops 3 Funny Moments by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 64,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9sfuV9TxRQ	GUIDARE LA MOTO AL CONTRARIO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 283,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQGwsbzUE6g	IL TORMENTONE DI ADELE! (Commenti divertenti) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 110,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGzoI8CbXeI	MIKESHOWSHA CE L'HA GROSSO! - Overwatch w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 78,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT_4hq10mWg	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL PLAID DI GIORGIO - Canyon Jumps #16 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 98,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v5dZW9AL1k	IL MOSTRO SCATOLA!! - Minecraft: Gli Sfasciati #3 w/ Lyon & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 100,532 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFMvqAToJzU	RIDERE DI ME STESSO! - Reazione ai vecchi video by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 85,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH_wu3luRXs	MOMENTI EPICI SU GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 187,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so60PS1Z3lY	RIAVVIALA TI PREGO!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & STORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 203,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgvAnl0Lgdo	QUESTO GIOCO E' AI LIMITI DELL'EVOLUTO!! - Overwatch w/ xMurry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 74,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hefJFbhI4U	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: GUERRA APERTA! - Canyon Jumps #15 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 89,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5lZTUsnFrQ	S7ORMY REGALA COSE! - Black Ops 3 PARKOUR CHALLENGE!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 71,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6rT-zfPBmc	MANGIARE CIBO PER GATTI!! - Blindfold Challenge 3.0 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 326,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZudVkFIe-50	LYON SI ARRABBIA CON NOI! :( - Minecraft: Gli Sfasciati #2 w/ Lyon & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 130,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blfrl-LQXYE	LA MACCHINA DI MIO NONNO w/ MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 95,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEyLHcHKGxA	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY MI BLOCCA IL NUMERO!! - Canyon Jumps #14 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 97,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HZlysQwbfo	ECCO COME SALVARE I MARO - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & STORMy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 225,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZWIhwaQhKU	COME DARSELE DI SANTA RAGIONE!! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 81,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RtO9z7bkwo	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL RITORNO DEL DANTE!! - Canyon Jumps #13 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 94,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGKwJdoUSUc	COME NASCONO I BAMBINI? - Test Divertenti by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 90,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaOhChhmaHE	LA MORTE DI GIAMPYTEK!! - Minecraft: Gli Sfasciati #1  w/ Lyon & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 157,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vtqQBO-24g	IL SEGRETO DELLA 600! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 28 seconds 103,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE0AxjgjrKg	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LIVELLO A IMPULSI!! - Canyon Jumps #12 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 94,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv_Fs5Q1jUE	DELLE GARE ASSAI MISTERIOSE - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ormy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 43 seconds 171,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUSrUoFERvM	HO FATTO UNA COLONSCOPIA!!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 81,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSNnKgwDivk	GIAMPYTEK VS LYON - iSketch w/ S7Ormy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 103,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVSnRaMrP04	TROLLARE SIRI - (Assistente vocale Apple) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 192,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCLNghIKFKs	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY MI FA ARRABBIARE!!! - Canyon Jumps #11 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 103,069 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFn2CR1wOTQ	INSULTI SU WHATSAPP! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 215,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG4IEPogLy4	FAQ IN SAUNA CON LA ILLUMINATICREW [SPECIALE 350K] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 246,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWF4EAThgxw	HO MANGIATO DELLE CARAMELLE ESPLOSIVE!! - 1UpBox by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 74,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzxPh4dbMm4	L'AUTO DI FRANKENSTEIN!! - GTA V DLC [SPECIALE HALLOWEEN] by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 78,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5Lixmx6oMI	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: SPECIALE HALLOWEEN! - Canyon Jumps #10 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 59 seconds 107,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziDeSMPq088	MI HANNO REGALATO UNA 600!!! - GamesWeek 2015 by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 118,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7ToLuGLFVI	DAMMI LA SCIA!!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 278,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_h7GVznLac	#SEIMAI STATO PICCHIATO? by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 125,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9GrJJdo0jo	CHIUDI LA BOCCA, NON SPUTARE! - Ice Chubby Bunny w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 32 seconds 110,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUhsA3Gpz8M	MINECRAFT PARKOUR A SUON DI PUGNI!! - Canyon Jumps #9 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 108,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjKw3XKHWWM	DOVE ABITA GIAMPYTEK? - Google Myself by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 55 seconds 134,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=186T2_-bIUo	CON IL CULO PER TERRA! - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 111,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Goq12h2HMeE	GIAMPY E MURRY SI PICCHIANO!! - Minecraft PVP by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 84,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh0sx1Wn9Lc	TROLLARE CORTANA - (Assistente vocale Microsoft) by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 337,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAu1DSpldjg	JETPACK IN MINECRAFT 1.9 VANILLA! - One Command by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 80,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcVJG9o-Q1M	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: HO FINITO IL LIVELLO!!! - Canyon Jumps #8 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 110,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKt7P4NrNok	GIAMPYTEK FA SCHIFO SONG! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ormy by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 263,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7tJ9Eg9qOI	ILLUMINATICREW CREDE IN DIO? by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 45 seconds 190,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5TBXJmrMZY	INDOVINA IL FILM!! - iSketch w/ xMurry & MikeShowSha by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 129,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5Bi9sYo_Tw	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: BASTA!! MI ARRENDO! - Canyon Jumps #7 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 114,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJJ4_wjo3jM	WALLRIDE IN RETROMARCIA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 415,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgVquqI04bM	"NON E' POSSIBILE!" - SCHERZO TELEFONICO A MURRY!!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 142,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEpjL_AgmcQ	CARICATELO SU YOUP0*N!! - StarWars Battlefront Funny Moments  w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 4 years ago 6 minutes, 57 seconds 90,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Us3AUUtAZM	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: SUPER TROLL!!  - Canyon Jumps 6# w/ Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 129,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOdGngABu4s	COME CREARE LE BESTEMMIE!!  - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry Stormy & Lyon by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 374,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkjjpYmznoo	IL ROMICS CANTA AI LIMITI DELL'EVOLUTO!! by GiampyTek 4 years ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 327,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAa29OFlD-k	SONO FELICE COME UN BAMBINO!! - 1UpBox Opening by GiampyTek 4 years ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 90,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kpa-ZdK2po0	LA POTENZA DI ALLAH! - GTA V ONLINE w/ S7ormy & Murry by GiampyTek 4 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 382,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBScl8-lPng	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: GIORGIO IL DELIZIOSO!  - Canyon Jumps 5# w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 133,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pZNFKxRZYk	LA MIA NUOVA AUTO! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 353,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxKt8CeOVNc	TROLL A MIKESHOWSHA!! - iSketch w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 126,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKy2nLHoLN8	QUANTO SONO ROM? - Test Divertenti by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 90,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3964_TdkCY	IL LIBERTY NON SI TOCCA!! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 216,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5f_91Bnna-g	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY SI FA LA PIPI' ADDOSSO!!  - Canyon Jumps 4# by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 139,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gp13-a8qlcE	TROLLO MIO PADRE!!! - Vlog 27 Settembre CousCous Fest by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 16 seconds 83,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owdkiFPLVWU	COME DIVENTARE UNO SQUALO IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 77,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjSKGSKzLzs	TRUCCO COME UNA MAKEUP ARTIST w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 32 seconds 93,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4M-jI5YLbo	S7ORMY AMA LE PALME - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 257,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8vt2cWnSsQ	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MAI STATO COSI' NERVOSO!! - Canyon Jumps #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 158,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SX7u0f-xBjU	MURRY PREFERISCE P*RN HUB! - iSketch w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 143,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4npMX6uC9I	HAMBURGER SULLA GENTE! - Woozy Waiter by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 89,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvHT4olv84k	GTA V PC: BMW CAR PACK MOD (Serie 1, Serie 7, X5) by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 128,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWgvPb0z0KY	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: NON MI DAI FIDUCIA!! - Canyon Jumps #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 158,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvwY1L9beHw	TROLL A MURRY - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 237,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwiI_gKzK3o	QUANTO SONO M3RDA? - Test Divertenti by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 101,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5ENDqQCgA0	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: SPACCO LA SEDIA!! - Canyon Jumps #1 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 200,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuxEbsyM6eo	Addio 600... by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 730,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO7yQpGBlFY	LA MAMMA DI MURRY SALUTA I FAN!! - GTA V ONLINE - w/ Murry & Lyon by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 272,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eb14tEdffhw	COME DIVENTARE JUSTIN BIEBER - Karaoke Party (Beauty and a Beat) w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 119,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3BkTqSTG5k	PORTAL GUN IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 33 seconds 85,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArWeo9WEyno	SONO STUPIDO E CAMPER MI SGRIDA!! - iSketch w/ IlluminatiCrew by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 150,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9xUZLPlzvQ	LA DROGA MI UCCIDE - Minecraft LuckyWars w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 52 seconds 105,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT_qrbFzfTU	#SEFOSSI... UNA YOUTUBER DONNA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 182,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YcGRFzcr5o	GTA V PC: MARIO KART MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 43 seconds 120,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4DI-QIryHM	IO ODIO I WALLRIDE! - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry & S7ormy by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 228,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjmctBmxmKQ	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: FINALE ESPLOSIVO!! - Speed Heart of Desert #9 w/Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 149,529 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUXYGNQNH9E	2 PLAYERS ONE PC w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 127,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rptJgeLzNU	PING PONG e AA IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 99,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uTtcY966Yo	LA PARABOLA DEL FACOCERO - iSketch w/ S7ormy & Camper by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 148,337 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNEGsBvrqxg	MURRY BALLA IL TWIST! - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 272,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DCdyg3_h2Y	COME MORIRÒ?! - Test Divertenti by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 127,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6bzdWokrnY	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL CUORE DEL DESERTO!! ECCOLO! - Speed Heart of Desert #8 w/Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 169,185 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtLN9AX-920	GESU VS EBOLA - Agar.io w/Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 115,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95ImOIj-nh0	LA 600 IN UN VIDEOGIOCO - Ilvostrocarodexter il Videogame by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 126,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFGHd9EWvlc	SESSO TRA MACCHINE - GTA V ONLINE w/Murry & Lyon WGF by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 218,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEvRvMaqQuE	IL FIGLIO DI PAPA FRANCESCO?! - Akinator by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 87,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSFzLHhOk38	POKÈBALL E POKÈTRAPS IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 73,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNqzKiIbr8M	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY WELCOME TO FAVELAS - Speed Heart of Desert #7 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 144,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHzXxN6W3Ow	CARRI ARMATI VOLANTI! - Black Ops 3 Funny Moments by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 75,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d64L4GN7kCE	BARO E VINCO!! - GTA V ONLINE /w Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 338,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRyt9sKE3xA	OSSESSIONATO DAL SESSO?! - Test Divertenti by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 163,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuHaJoxD3EY	LUCKY BLOCKS IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 73,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zo5w__Tdgpo	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: NON TI PERDONO! - Speed Heart of Desert #6 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 144,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7IQu6r9Y9k	PROVA A NON RIDERE CHALLENGE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 36 seconds 1,122,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfyUIvvZz0Y	GTA V PC: LAMBORGHINI LP-700/FERRARI F40/DODGE CHARGER MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 228,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyyHORWf37A	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: HO BANNATO MURRY!! - Speed Heart of Desert #5 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 159,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps80b7Nlpsg	#HAIMAI... FATTO UN INCIDENTE IN 600? by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 118,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXUKNn8mlNc	NESSUNA PIETA' PER MURRY - GTA V ONLINE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 163,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iblf4RwXUI	DIVENTARE UNA SPIA IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 83,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVRDOQuh3oA	PORTAL 3?!! - HTC VIVE VR Experience by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 67,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0jdR-71GdU	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY VEDE IL KEBAB? - Speed Heart of Desert #4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 51 seconds 148,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaAfCvRREtg	MI UBRIACO A COLONIA! - Vlog Gamescom 2015 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 83,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVi-GhJWFZc	COME DISTRUGGERE LE AMICIZIE - Speedrunners w/ MikeShowSha Camper & Jaco by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 64,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocyoFfPedHA	LA 600 SU MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 105,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anEWfjz4Ke8	UNA COLLETTA PER MURRY - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 156,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EHr8DL1tvY	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL LIVELLO CI TROLLA!! - Speed Heart of Desert #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 162,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dP-r2DvG-k	FRIENDZONATO DA CORTANA!! - (Assistente vocale Microsoft) by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 491,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iob35NuhYec	GEOMETRY DASH SU MINECRAFT VANILLA!! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 73,337 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaobfSOqMpw	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: SPIRIT CAVALLO SELVATICO - Speed Heart of Desert #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 161,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8F_P6Zl7-c	MURRY MI LANCIA PALLE ESPLOSIVE! - Minecraft LuckyWars by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 80,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3wTB1xyNXI	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY CERCA IL MOLISE - Speed Heart of Desert #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 191,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjXDf3LOA2w	LA MIA RAGAZZA SU AKINATOR by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 152,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcgzqPPFOSw	DINNERBONE: NUOVO BOSS IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 64,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqmn-Awv92I	GIANNI MORANDI DOMINA su Agar.io w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 121,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4GcnoBp9pw	VIAGGIARE NELLO SPAZIO IN MINECRAFT VANILLA - One Command by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 79,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyfhmtTxW8g	MURRY SI CAGA SULLA 600 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 525,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVCophPaZ8s	LA SUPER ZAPPA DI PRATTICÒ! - Minecraft Minigames QUAKE w/xMurry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 62,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=886DW7fFMbU	GTA V PC: NFS TACHIMETRO MOD / PROGEN T20 / 1V1 RACE MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 69,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PzKdVwkJe4	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL FINALE!! - Ultimate Leap #15 /w Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 17 seconds 124,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VJ8ngOm2I8	LA PARTITA PIU' EPICA DELL'UNIVERSO! - Rocket League w/ MikeShowSha Camper & BrazoCrew by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 289,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BueebHtmQc	REKTATO DA AKINATOR! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 95,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phKePwaARpE	MURRY E I PEZZI MALOSSI - Agar.io by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 90,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFvFYs84oAY	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: PE*E ULTIMO EPISODIO! - Ultimate Leap #14 /w Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes 119,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xT9DGpzbqk8	LE RAGAZZE MI SCHIZZANO - Aftermovie Vacanza by GiampyTek 5 years ago 2 minutes, 54 seconds 99,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NNrJnobKBY	PIE FACE CHALLENGE! w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 234,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efn5koKLmRQ	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY E' IRONMAN!  - Ultimate Leap #13 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 36 seconds 112,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ElbcDefyQ8	IBARBO INSEGUE IL VOSTROCARODEXTER - Agar.io w/ ilvostrocarodexter STORMy xMurry & Bstaaard by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 176,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0IVwD_Yru4	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LA M...NA NELLE ASCELLE?  - Ultimate Leap #12 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 126,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKMbz8WHsE4	SUONO IL CLACSON E ALZO IL MEDIO - GTA V ONLINE w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 237,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpz3VjmExCc	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LA REGOLA DELLO SLIME  - Ultimate Leap #11 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 41 seconds 127,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA3SpL_3ftc	AGARIO DOMINATO DA 600 E GIAMPYTEK - Agar.io w/ PLAYERINSIDE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 96,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oHENEW-ze8	CARAMELLE SCHIFOSISSIME!! - BEAN BOOZLED CHALLENGE w/ Me contro Te by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 146,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlHBFZChg1g	GTA V PC: PORTAL MOD / SPACCIO DI ARMI MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 55,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n_fwf-ekek	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: HO ROTTO UN VETRO!  - Ultimate Leap #10 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 184,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMG8WlegrRo	SPECIALE 200K - Agar.io CON GLI ISCRITTI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 107,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBrVzRKvzPw	LA 600 SU AKINATOR?! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 123,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBLG1mV1EIs	MODDING WITHOUT ELETTROSESSUALI - Agar.io w/ S7ORMy & Camper by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 137,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRwxfO8GUGs	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LANCIO SFIGHE A MURRY!!  - Ultimate Leap #9 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 147,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6V9Ust_uTc	GTA V PC: TRAFFICO DI DROGA MOD / ARRESTO MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 56,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_38Jj6RojLg	INSTALLARE MODS SU AGAR.IO - GIOCHIAMO INSIEME! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 170,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cNfZJo7fpY	MURRY TRADITORE! - GTA V PC ONLINE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 257,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaYXe24bdBA	NICKI MINAJ SU Agar.io w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 243,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUtjMXCAnxo	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: ENCICLOPEDIA TRECCANI  - Ultimate Leap #8 /w Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 150,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpJkvBWMtxA	GTA V PC: RANDOM ONLINE EVENTS MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 48,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sZcSmH7-xI	MANGIATO DA PEWDIEPIE - Agar.io w/ ilvostrocarodexter Bstaaard & Jaco by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 167,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJJYLk375QU	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: DIALOGO CON DIO  - Ultimate Leap #7 /w Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 166,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ekLMMtDIIs	GTA V PC: POLIZIA, FBI, INTELLIGENCE MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 57,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT5i1yd_ycg	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY SUPER SKILLATO!  - Ultimate Leap #6 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 146,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZJ_0vIv87A	MI SPOGLIO IN DIRETTA E BALLO LA MACARENA!! - Targets by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 39,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kseV1kdwdho	MARTE VS ITALIA - agar.io w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 213,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss5XcHyEIck	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LA MAMMA DI MURRY NON MI RISPETTA! - Ultimate Leap #5 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 169,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEHA_rsTo54	GTA V PC: AUTO ORCHESTRA MOD / CARCERE MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 54,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5ZfrrWI7I4	NINJA SU MINECRAFT! - LUCKY BLOCK ARENA  w/ MikeShowSha Bstaaard & JacoRollo by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 84,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4igGl2CLrA	GTA V PC: JETPACK MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 53,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHF0nALpBe8	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: CHECKPOINT FINITI!! ADESSO? - Ultimate Leap #4 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 174,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osc4U1bliLs	GTA V PC: LIBERTY CITY MAP MOD (GTA 3) by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 63,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IB_po0FoJzk	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL PARKOUR DIO - Ultimate Leap #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 197,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amLRGXVSjbs	MURRY CHIEDE PIETÀ!! - BRAWLHALLA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 68,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZqJI4p0ABc	GTA V PC: VICE CITY FULL MAP MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 71,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYYv9cwKz1A	GTA V PC: MOD DA AGGIORNARE / MODIFICHIAMO LA PEGASSI OSIRIS by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 46,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OlK0CDMbwY	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: GOOGLE CHIUDE A SUON DI... - Ultimate Leap #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 207,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCrvma8Ii9c	MINECRAFT LUCKY BLOCK RACE w/ Murry Bstaaard & JacoRollo by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 59,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg-QKxJpYEw	GTA V PC: ULTRA NITRO MOD E GARAGE MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 69,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBAnWPL5XZg	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL DANTE DELLE BESTEMMIE E' TORNATO! - Ultimate Leap #1 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 274,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG2qskMZEdQ	SALSA EXTRA PICCANTE CHALLENGE CON MIA CUGINA! - Mole Hammers by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 49,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zANf-KRNss	GTA V PC: NORTH YANKTON SENZA NEVE TEXTURE MOD! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 49,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77yozD-jaUI	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: FINALE COL BOTTO - Cubical Parkour #8 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 150,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o18xINXZ2Og	GTA V PC: SUPERCAR KITT MOD / SATELLITE MAP MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 60,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQ4ELM7Nf3Q	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: DISTRUGGO LA CAMERA! - Cubical Parkour #7 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 1 second 166,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6kvCiUwq6Y	GTA V PC: MODALITA' ZOMBIE MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 59,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4kEwKiMbws	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LIVELLO DIFFICILISSIMO!  - Cubical Parkour #6 w/ Murry [Episodio XL] by GiampyTek 5 years ago 21 minutes 210,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8jd6oKbvWM	DIALETTI CHALLENGE - #DialectChallenge by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 60,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8anTxESe5x8	GTA V PC: BLACKOUT MOD! LOS SANTOS AL BUIO! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 3 seconds 44,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN4NmdfwVik	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: 1 ORA DI LIVELLO!  - Cubical Parkour #5 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 197,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncVbnzb7Reg	GTA V PC: JUST CAUSE 2 RAMPINO MOD / THE FLASH MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 60,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayiMA-9mPsA	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: SEMPRE PEGGIO!!  - Cubical Parkour #4 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 184,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eAJl1rZGGU	GTA V PC: AURORA BOREALE MOD / RED HOUSE MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 38,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3wB3ksN5Jw	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: PIANGO DAL RIDERE! - Cubical Parkour #3 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 231,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_e_C1kPA7kE	GTA V PC: SUPERMAN MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 22 seconds 45,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bDN4faMZ0s	MINECRAFT ARENA: DUELLO EPICO CON QUEI DUE SUL SERVER by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 57,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzgIB-lbrFE	GTA V PC: HITMAN MOD E PRIMI VEICOLI REALI IN GIOCO!! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 56,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVr1BY8PzsI	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: BIP A MANETTA! - Cubical Parkour #2 w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 226,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulftE_KvDCs	GTA V PC: NEON ARCOBALENO MOD E AUTO A 500KM/H by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 54,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zHs7IG4Qak	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: MURRY BLACK BLOCK - Cubical Parkour #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 296,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6ZlWmk1qpk	GTA V PC VIRUS NELLE MODS!! ATTENZIONE [NO CLIP E ANGRYPLANES] by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 50,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAvSUhUm5iE	MINECRAFT PARKOUR CON LA NAUSEA!  - Floating Ruins by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 38,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90Qrtkm0208	GTA V PC: SPUTAFUOCO MOD/JAMES BOND MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 15 seconds 58,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciNaHFTK7Ac	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: IL FINALE BESTEMMIOSO! - Block Rider w/ MURRY! #5 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 92,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzXnrju8kKE	GTA V PC: TSUNAMI MOD / NO WATER MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 82,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfiwuTv5bSE	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: GIORGIO E LA SUA MESSA - Block Rider w/ MURRY! #4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 68,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROaIWKnGZTI	GTA V PC: NITRO MOD/MODIFICHIAMO L'AUTO DI TORETTO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 49,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACgQOj9lrHE	MINECRAFT GRATIS? by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 77,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzUl_cPx89g	GTA V PC: MOD VEICOLI CANNONE E VISITIAMO GLI UFO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 53,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-mROzNCyto	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: TI MINACCIO! - Block Rider w/ MURRY! #3 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 63,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=602aQc4M1WQ	GTA V PC: GRAVITY GUN MOD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 3 minutes, 8 seconds 36,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BGXupMvg_Y	GTA V PC: MODS NOCLIP/TACHIMETRO E HOTKNIFE MODIFICATA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 43,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpH4VOH6UNQ	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: NON CE LA FACCIO! - Block Rider w/ MURRY! #2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 77,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGYvZ6cEhlE	GTA V PC: DEVASTO TOTALE (GARE IMPOSSIBILI) /w Bstaaard & JacoRollo by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 36,836 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fI3fra5AjrE	MINECRAFT PARKOUR: LA SERIE DEL PAPA! - Block Rider w/ MURRY! #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 111,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rx4h1v39Uj0	GTA V PC: ESPLORARE NORTH YANKTON CON LE MOD! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 33,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhloGKou2zU	DEVASTO ALL'EURONICS E SCARTO I VOSTRI REGALI!! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 20,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stMvpjYWqJM	GTA V PC: SALVATAGGIO 100% E AUTO MODIFICATE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 48,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r5MLb36XMo	SCHERZO A MIO PADRE! - AnswerTek #13 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 47,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_f-9lg4PsA	MA CHE CA"TSU" DICI? by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 16,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KtitmOsyB8	GTA V PC: LA GARA PIU' TROLL DEL PIANETA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 51,311 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-ajS6ukB8Q	GIAMPYTEK IN GRANDANGOLO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 2 minutes, 10 seconds 18,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANU0jMPVi-w	GTA V PC: LA PRIMA MOD DEL MONDO! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 112,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOxHCCn9bHI	GTA V ONLINE SU PC! - PRIME GARE IMPOSSIBILI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 38,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SozD7L8fEf0	GTA V PC: IN GIRO CON UN ALIENO - Modalità Regista [60FPS] by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 50,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TN9QzvYXfKw	GTA V PC GAMEPLAY - Prima missione e settaggi video by GiampyTek 5 years ago 19 minutes 115,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMRXUwDzWKY	IN STAZIONE CON SUPERMAN by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 36 seconds 24,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVl5fSRBD08	GIAMPYTEK FA SCHIFO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 73,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q_WdkZJQUE	TROVARE 10€ A TERRA - Vlog dal Romics by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 64,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48Cebcd0cDE	EPIC RANDOM TEAM CHALLENGE VS MURRY! - FIFA15 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 52,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Tfvhqpf9vI	TI DO FUOCO, CAZZO! - Troviamo PETE #8 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 34,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bc6xv6SPohE	PACMAN IN MINECRAFT VANILLA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 44,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T30eAhgEKHI	GEOMETRY DASH SENZA GUARDARE! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 46,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV_hAxw4ICk	PASQUALE PRATTICO' SU MINECRAFT? - Troviamo PETE #7 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 36,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6GY8cxPg1o	IKEA SIMULATOR IN REAL LIFE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 2 seconds 39,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBoA2yyJyfA	TROLLATO DA MURRY!! - Reazioni allo scherzo telefonico by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 14 seconds 129,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7WgBt2W2s4	18 SITI WEB INUTILI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 130,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrVoFBfs-Ho	UNA COLLETTA PER GIAMPYTEK! - Minecraft MINIGAMES w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 39,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMQQY-Qof0Q	DOMINARE SU MODERN WARFARE 2!! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 19,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XT31GQsOSlQ	PAURA DEL BUIO? by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 15,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=294wjxzikJ8	PRETE MURRY ALLA RISCOSSA - BF HARDLINE FUNNY MOMENTS by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 117,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T95ZVO0JofE	DEVASTO AL MCDONALD'S w/ Lorenzo Fragola Croix89 Davidekyo & Greta Menchi by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 39,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvC2aGsahx0	YOUTUBE ITALIA SI AMMAZZA COL PEPERONCINO! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 107,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0alGl-Y3SQ	TROVIAMO PETE #6 - SONO UN MAGO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 35,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xii4IXn_qk	VLOG AL CONTRARIO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 14,141 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoIinrckNz0	ULTRAS SIMULATOR by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 21,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dU1TGoPL0I	IN PIGIAMA E' MEGLIO. by GiampyTek 5 years ago 1 minute, 41 seconds 16,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SphnGPzW1U	ROBOT ILLUMINATI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 17,560 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCKgS_WDRMY	VOLA CIBO SUL PALCO - FAQ CON FAVIJ by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 126,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzvP5EzrVZc	MINECRAFT TROPPO VIOLENTO.. BANNATO DALLA TURCHIA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 3 minutes, 57 seconds 30,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zsiyog8yBJ0	GIOCARE COL JOYPAD AL CONTRARIO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 17,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sdc7La2v9bo	IL GIOCO DEGLI ORCHI TRUZZI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 13,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ok9jsGCd-LE	NASCONDINO SU MINECRAFT by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 55 seconds 41,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGVsA0h2UT4	MINECRAFT MINIGAMES w/ Bstaaard e JacoRollo by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 26,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBpS-DmdWrk	PORTATEMI I VOSTRI PACCHI!! (Da spacchettare) by GiampyTek 5 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 12,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeW5kY7MWTc	HUNGER GAMES FALLITI! w/ xMurry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 57,352 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePxsH01Y0fA	POSTI SEGRETAMENTE SEGRETI! - Ethereal Nightmare #4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 17,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzIJb6XJTK0	SONO DIVENTATO PADRE.. Di un drago by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 19,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfSUyewIf9c	NO MARIA IO ESCO! - Ethereal Nightmare #3 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 19 minutes 20,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCiYWl-gZfM	TROLLATO DA MINECRAFT - Ethereal Nightmare #2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 23,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KimfRO2I44	NUOVA AVVENTURA! - Ethereal Nightmare #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 31,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXsaQiKZvyU	CUBE SURVIVAL FINITA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 19,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0R4KrTw798	Minecraft: Ocean #99 - FINALMENTE ROY RAGIONA!! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 51,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk5N8EYkhtc	THE BRIDGES! w/ St3pny e SurrealPower - (Minecraft Minigame) by GiampyTek 5 years ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 129,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKAknRLScTU	YOUTUBER SIMULATOR by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 50,333 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhU5JHO_Tes	Ogni MORTE una MAGLIETTA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 30,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4_i2AsPQo4	Minecraft: Ocean #98 - Togliere l'acqua da un buco. (Roy e Tek Edition) by GiampyTek 5 years ago 16 minutes 39,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZBwE3Myk8I	Cube SURVIVAL #6 - LA STREGA CATTIVA DEL NETHER by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 21,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gnwLQ-L4vk	Minecraft: Ocean #97 - Roy non ricorda NIENTE! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 46,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6XwST1dv8s	MINECRAFT SU GEOMETRY DASH by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 106,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1F2ndGutoA	FUNNY MOMENTS GTA V by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 29,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyWde9npbo4	SESSIONI NOTTURNE SULLA BETA DI HARDLINE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 58 seconds 18,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fi2F5yBE2RI	PEGGIO DI FLAPPY BIRD by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 23,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-KaAughFEs	TROVIAMO PETE #5 - COME INIZIARE A MAINCRAFF by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 33,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7p_ayDT2CY	Cube SURVIVAL #5 - COME FARSI ESPLODERE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 20,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBqUlyUAntQ	COME GIOCARE A GEOMETRY DASH #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 29,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOkQK7e7aCM	BUG OF DUTY by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 30,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4j4NWfsogQ	HEROBRINE ESISTE! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 82,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IWuknDk_n0	TROVIAMO PETE #4 - COME TROVARE I DIAMANTI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 44,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1dX3QGceDA	WAGER MATCH DA 1 MILIONE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 37,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQe8hPcwLFU	GTA V PC... RIMANDATO! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 29,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-vsC_7GTAY	Cube SURVIVAL #4 - SI PROCEDE ABBOMBA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 20 minutes 29,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9qUpWgZFX8	AnswerTek #12 - IN LIVE! by GiampyTek Streamed 5 years ago 1 hour, 58 minutes 24,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmENOEYGP5s	VIDEOGIOCHI IN 40 SECONDI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 57 seconds 50,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1cCgKLqq7A	MI ANDAVA DI REGISTRARE FIFA E... by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 33,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_6TTV94qMM	TROVIAMO PETE #3 - MUOIO DI INFARTO! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 53,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzTFjYr3YuE	Cube SURVIVAL #3 - CREEPER IN CASA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 15 minutes 36,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOiMtlp3JRU	VLOG SOTTO LA NEVE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 23,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diTqi5lSr54	SU LE MANI PER JAMBA w/ Murry by GiampyTek 5 years ago 16 minutes 31,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdFLVHmQeAM	Cube SURVIVAL #2 - Come NON Fare un generatore di cobblestone by GiampyTek 5 years ago 18 minutes 39,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kphJ7nYX9h0	GIOCO DI NATALE BASTARDISSIMO - Dashup by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 21,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxxU7jLk13s	TROVIAMO PETE #2 - COSE STRANE STRANE ACCADONO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 55,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyT1OXrPSiM	FA SCHIFO SE NON FAI BENZINA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 22,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONrvz-jUP08	Cube SURVIVAL #1 - INIZIAMO LA SERIE EPICA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 21 minutes 49,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_C_mklD2oyQ	TROFEO Ignition - DRIVECLUB PS4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 15,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TPaPvVP22Y	TROVIAMO PETE #1 - UN TEMPIO NEL MARE?! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 101,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNQLCeELG18	MINOTAURI PRECOCI w/ Legolastef90 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 17 minutes 15,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw_RpS-Dygg	MOMENTI EPICI SU GTA ONLINE #2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 14 seconds 49,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2cU8qUEl-E	10 COSE CHE NON SAI DI GIAMPYTEK by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 111,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6uPWZU_2mA	RIMBALZARE SU MINECRAFT by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 42,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiLu9kgsUx4	TRA VINE, TROLL, GAMEPLAY e SFIDE - Far Cry 4 w/ Rovazzi by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 25,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Trq7J44M7c	MURRY E GIAMPY ASSASSINI - AC Unity in COOP by GiampyTek 5 years ago 16 minutes 128,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbOLubQeSqY	ME VS PEWDIEPIE!! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 77,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NPsn3IuZvk	POTREI VENIRE SULLE SUE TE... - Far Cry 4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 17,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiIfNwJkVy4	PARLIAMO IN SPAGNOLO - AnswerTek #11 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes 31,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjHBAcxpRQs	Sono vestito come mio nonno! - The Forest COOP #0 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 18 minutes 40,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbRxyDvcvGE	NON METTERE MI PIACE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 20,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIPzUc_rntg	BEBE' SIMULATOR by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 23,324 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muxcQ_pOtmA	MOLLETTA IN FACCIA.. ad ogni MORTE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 24,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHPg3DF-GYU	SFIDO YOUTUBE ITALIA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 33,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA2xZEvkakk	Gentlemen Dispute... con MIA CUGINA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes 37,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVl4zRp3WFo	SUPER CONCENTRATO - Blazing HOT: MINECRAFT CUSTOM MAP by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 26,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnsC5gc9DDQ	QUEI DUE BASTARDI SUL SERVER - Livello 2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 24,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnCgBNiJVEM	JOE A 90 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 21,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONV3BSuDr-A	SONO NERVOSO - MINECRAFT CUSTOM MAP #2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 5 seconds 45,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG2oeGnZ0FY	iPhone 6 PARKOUR - MINECRAFT CUSTOM MAP #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 80,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYzaYMoxYYY	FIGURA DI MERDA COLOSSALE - AnswerTek #10 [EPISODIO XL] by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 33,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BngDOof3QJY	What's on my iPhone by GiampyTek 5 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 40,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWK2T64IGi0	GIOCHIAMO A COD.. Forse by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 30,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0tpE9wjnzo	PALLA PELOSA - Leo's Fortune by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 21,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXSdLWtjgfE	QUEI DUE BASTARDI SUL SERVER - Livello 1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 49,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iv-sKpkyJtU	GRAZIE YOUTUBE - 60 FPS Test by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 32,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=numD_cV2svk	MURRY SU WHATSAPP - Cross-Biome Parkour #4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 32,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8je_bmMWPFs	LADRI IN CASA [SPECIALE HALLOWEEN] by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 31,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfSK_uLxhR0	ADOLESCENTI IN CRISI - GamesWeek 2014 AFTERMOVIE by GiampyTek 5 years ago 2 minutes, 35 seconds 32,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V52y7XBZ8Q0	NON TOCCARMI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 33,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljmzRGI-7VI	UN BAMBINO? - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #9 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 22 minutes 7,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXAKWu1F8J4	CROIX URLA E STAND DISTRUTTO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 92,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq4FgyGf3Kg	SCHETTINO A BORDO - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #8 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 20 minutes 7,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-_j2ncSMqw	MURRY CON DISTURBI MENTALI by GiampyTek 5 years ago 2 minutes, 58 seconds 93,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gw1kJ_OEGmY	LA BORSA O LA VITA - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #7 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 30 minutes 6,120 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kz2FDAqXntg	POLPI VOLANTI - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #6 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 18 minutes 5,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mob6z57wdsI	HUNGER GAMES con... ROYALAIZZ by GiampyTek 5 years ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 33,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZoRhFehLek	DONNE FORMOSE - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #5 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 20 minutes 6,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPGmuYNd8VA	SI GUIDA? OMG - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #4 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 20 minutes 6,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj4gIU2Mk6o	Un PACCO di VIDEO!!  - PARTO! VOLO VIA! by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 14,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhRcLdg687U	BOSS - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #3 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 15 minutes 6,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LugsRC0UJwQ	PRIME MORTI! - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 23 minutes 10,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEYoSNSlBTo	INIZIAMO! - Borderlands The Pre Sequel - Let's Play #1 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 27 minutes 20,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wC-vUWZi3MU	PARLARE CON I VENTILATORI - AnswerTek #9 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 29,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-HAP-lacNY	SEMPRE UN PIACERE - Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 16,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXNKe66ukEg	CAMERETTA 2.0 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 43,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ckv09fLef8	AHH KUESTI BAG - Cross-Biome Parkour #3 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 23,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhASpb2wsY8	SUPER SMASH BROS su NINTENDO 3DS by GiampyTek 5 years ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 20,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soga4-d5jYM	CANDELA SIMULATOR? by GiampyTek 5 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 31,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HiJ7oL80FM	Ogni morte... Scossa ELETTRICA by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 104,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXxVA0In8cg	SONO DIVENTATO ZIO by GiampyTek 5 years ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 28,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqwMdCw65Ew	Peluche MALTRATTATI chiamate il WWF | Cross-Biome Parkour #2 by GiampyTek 5 years ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 30,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXjO8G085Dg	LEONARDO DECARLI e TEK su DESTINY by GiampyTek 6 years ago 16 minutes 31,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAZ6VmLGGf0	VOLANO MOUSE! -  Cross-Biome Parkour #1 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 33,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xui2j7taM2U	COME INCAZZARSI SU UN VIDEOGAME by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 22,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv-2Z-rnNPM	NVIDIA GAME24 - Video Recap by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 16,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-YSWzFGHUY	A ME ME PIACE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 22,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhwyWC-N0Pg	BESTEMMIARE IN PUBBLICO? - AnswerTek #8 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 37,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VKivMZ-s9g	MINECRAFT... SU PS4 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 271,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Yas8N8c2xE	IL GIOCO PIU' BELLO DEL MONDO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 35,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVA_QWEpK6I	HOTEL A 5 STELLE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 27,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2fMhkoAi8E	QUALQUADRA NON COSA! - Dungeon Runner 2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 31,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8-pq-DRUs	PES vs FIFA! - CHI VINCE SECONDO VOI? by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 22,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXB_gPD4c2U	IO AMO MINECRAFT - Dungeon Runner 2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 37,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2in0kXqoSB4	Minecraft DIARIES ep.2 - ARMATURA IN DIAMANTE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 16 minutes 35,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbH1Yuo0jNU	PALLA SIMULATOR! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 47,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dl8B2OoaOf4	IBRA VENDITORE DI CARNE AL MERCATO - FIFA15 UT by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 35,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az7iPVpsk3M	Ogni morte.. GHIACCIO NELLE MUTANDE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 159,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuphBM0cN-4	EDGECRAFT #5 - IL MISTERO è SVELATO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 22 seconds 31,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sANEMkAmAT0	Minecraft DIARIES ep.1  - In onore dei vecchi tempi by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 51,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GPILjlazlw	EDGECRAFT #4 - SONO SBALORDITO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 38,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgWzSgyAOeE	GIOCHI SCONOSCIUTI #2 - Sonic Lost Adventure: Havok Harbor by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 30,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQl9NEotjrc	EDGECRAFT #3 - Come invocare la MADONNA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 40,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjKZ8zuReQA	LEZZO! - AnswerTek #7 (EPISODIO XL) by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 46,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKOEzuVH8OA	GIOCHI SCONOSCIUTI #1 - Critical Mass by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 37,954 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbdmuOU8wGY	EDGECRAFT #2 - MI SONO SPAVENTATO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 44,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYXFP7eIvTI	#Icebucketchallenge - CHALLENGE PER BENEFICENZA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 46,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmCdfMYeHTg	Scusi, aspetti un MOMENTUM by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 35,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9phQ_OzR_BM	EDGECRAFT #1 - E' TUTTO BELLO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 56,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4XPtR567Uc	MADONNA IL MIGLIORE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 36,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9If0zy5pHp8	Dungeon Runner #5 (FINALE) - TUTTO QUI? by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 40,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpXLuVrQ8cU	P.T. (New Silent Hill) PS4 Walkthrough - Parte 1 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 26,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv8PRRwg9Sw	P.T. (New Silent Hill) PS4 Walkthrough - Parte 2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 20,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EEbSa45Ys4	ALIENI! DOVE SONO? - AnswerTek #6 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 34,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfl9hidn8A4	Dungeon Runner #4 - ANCHE IL MOUSE NO!! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 41,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhbGv1dAW88	BEST MOMENTS on SUPRABALL by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 6 seconds 29,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa6_BVhSLqs	Dungeon Runner #3 - HO ROTTO LA TASTIERA?! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 44,967 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyUjb20P5pE	ULTIMATE TEAM FIFA 14 - Partite ASSURDE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 40,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FUogOOfgE4	Dungeon Runner #2 - Salti EPICI by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 44,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIy8QvSyFNk	SFIDA CON MIA CUGINA - Mario Kart 8 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 129,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8ZWO2uoDT4	Dungeon Runner #1 - Appizzati a ste scale! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 47,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-JJHc91F0I	DESTINY PS4 | Modalità Esplorazione EPICA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 19,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRAjQt0nvWc	THE CREW | Onore a Paul Walker by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 35,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eT77-2tPuw	E' una figata! #4 - Spider Tank by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 18,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma8txhRxesE	MineTek 2.0 : #19 - Come andrà a finire? by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 24,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeTKw8CAdW8	Amore a prima vista - DESTINY SU PLAYSTATION 4 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 20,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLp_U7JiIsA	UNA SFIDA PAZZA - Blindfold Challenge 2.0 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 193,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ortjkSBcHv0	Minecraft: Ocean #96 - Casa subacquea by GiampyTek 6 years ago 16 minutes 56,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTQn5Zu_Lhs	PROPRIETARIO DI M**** - The Very Organized Thief by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 42,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4WGAf2Ohrk	MineTek 2.0 : #18 - Sono fottuto e felice by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 21,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8d1NTh-9Uo	GiampyTek OFFICIAL MUSIC Video by GiampyTek 6 years ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 2,917,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSOnwzoBxc0	SEGUITEMI anche voi nel mondo OSCURO dei SOCIAL by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 15,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDUBM0tiRvA	SPUTTANIAMOCI - Murry guarda il mio primo video! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 234,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifFt65BJcgc	Minecraft: Ocean #95 - Youtuber "EMERGENTE" by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 16 seconds 39,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRb3b1WMWao	IL RITORNO DELLA MUTANDA MAGICA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 19 minutes 16,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPEidPLSHKs	NON CI CREDO! - Mario Kart 8 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 79,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YocQmqCBRM	MineTek 2.0 : #17 - FORTEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 37 seconds 27,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSr7B-IUyqk	Minecraft: Ocean #94 - Continuiamo a costruire.. by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 40,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfgp1UBfwaQ	BIG OPENING PACK - Spacchettamento EPICO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 26 seconds 34,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6QR16I17cY	Minecraft: Ocean #93 - LA CASA DI BALOTELLI?! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 42,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCalDQQRJig	E' una figata! #3 - Psychedelic by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 20,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLZk52tnIwQ	GIOCO DELL'ANNO! - Plants vs Zombies Garden Warfare by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 25,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mD58_o8cTc	MI SDRAIO TUA MAD*E - Call of Duty MW2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 21,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZUX6ZYv46M	MUTANDE MAGICHE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 28,346 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0CjTeXrw0k	MineTek 2.0 : #16 - CAVALLO, PICCONE e...? by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 25,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_p0un1EbFA	CHI HA VINTO? - Estrazione contest! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 50 seconds 17,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94MXECUSOqc	Minecraft: Ocean #92 - EPISODIO SVOLTA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 16 minutes 46,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnIFS3hHPHE	I NEED BIG MONEY by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 28,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXDnywj9jCc	MineTek 2.0 : #15 - TROVO COSE RARE!!! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 24,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IOAGrBgKuc	SUCCEDE OGNI VOLTA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 56 seconds 33,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m01Ygo8R1EM	GOD OF WAR... AD 8 BIT?! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 31,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EukYlohm0L4	Minecraft: Ocean #91 - Ampliamentii by GiampyTek 6 years ago 17 minutes 40,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VP6Dl3YhkaE	ENTWINED PS4: E3 2014 - Gameplay by TEK by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 17,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fkwe5q8Yjqc	MineTek 2.0 : #14 - E' BELLISSIMO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 24,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfeVSMitfYI	E' una figata! #2 - ALONE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 22,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNTtuF1onac	Minecraft: Ocean #90 - League of Minecraft by GiampyTek 6 years ago 21 minutes 45,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6OPHbnVLcg	E' una figata! #1 - MADNESS! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 20,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkFfZQd_18I	MineTek 2.0 : #13 - CAVALLI by GiampyTek 6 years ago 20 minutes 23,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq5i6PBCQ74	Watch Dogs - Le mie impressioni by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 16,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5uGcaNaaKg	Minecraft: Ocean #89 - Fail su Fail! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 15 minutes 39,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IEukRxywjc	AnswerTek #5: LA MIA MACCHINA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 48,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOHdkzWXEhE	Minecraft: Ocean #88 - Che porci! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 26 minutes 44,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke-_JmFZsw4	GTA... V - Franklin e Trevor vs POLIZIA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 31,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DhDpSX6y7E	Io AMO questo gioco... CAZZATA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 33,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJgZY4_O6MI	MineTek 2.0 : #12 - Tattiche cavernose by GiampyTek 6 years ago 17 minutes 25,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju0eHWv0TwU	Watch Dogs Day + RADUNOOO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 7 seconds 19,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AE3eChVhaE	MOSCA SIMULATOR by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 27,383 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNMMX5pVh9U	Minecraft: Ocean #87 - Terronialand by GiampyTek 6 years ago 25 minutes 51,727 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuCCVZ5Zj8Y	434 KM/H - Bugatti EB110 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 21,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdsMz9u2DnA	Un auto distrutta da riparare - Car Mechanic Simulator by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 32,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AozLRuJe91g	SLENDERCRAFT by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 31,333 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_c6LUP_LYM	MineTek 2.0 : #11 - PIU' RARO DEL DIAMANTE! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 29,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPn3Bt_YktU	Minecraft: Ocean #86 - Cani da FERRO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 49,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYyfcAYpRqE	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: JOYPAD SUL TAVOLO UTILIZZANDO DUE DITA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 27,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF27Da-jIhM	GTA... IV (TBoGT) by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 37,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOGMUbTGN7A	QUESTA E' GUERRA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 20,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj6QsCRcsy4	MI PIACE QVESTO GIOKO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 40 seconds 27,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFvsJdtTupU	MineTek 2.0 : #10 - L'organizzazione è TUTTO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 29,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAGlvoxuJ5c	DIVENTA ME (?) by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 15,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN4a5PSLTS4	Questa è POESIA - Child of Light by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 23,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxQNdONvS60	HO INVENTATO TUTTO! AHAH by GiampyTek 6 years ago 2 minutes, 24 seconds 48,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu69sZ6F62A	Minecraft: Ocean #85 - QUARTA STAGIONE! [2 Players 1 PC] by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 65,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wgmrPTFiZ8	Un ritorno su Black Cocks 2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 29,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYycULjOydM	Chiarimenti INDIEGOGO e Aggiornamenti - VLOG in MACCHINA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 29,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KenftcU3Tf8	TUTTO IN FUMO - COSA E' SUCCESSO? VLOG by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 60,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc-FYQFz4UI	MineTek 2.0 : #9 - Stanza SOTTERANEA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 23 minutes 36,708 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZF637hs0K7E	BF4 NAVAL STRIKE - DEVASTO su OPERAZIONE MORTAIO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 16,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yem-RKJfhAg	GTA... SAN ANDREAS (+ MOD) by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 80,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2rbYI-4fLk	MineTek 2.0 : #8 - Fottute pecore by GiampyTek 6 years ago 23 minutes 28,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbxGYXvbd_Q	LA MIA PRIMA VOLTA... su Free Fall by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 24,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqTklb-ROgg	OCEAN RITORNA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 50,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waSS1vK44bE	GTA... VICE CITY by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 68,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ol9vxAQcmDc	IL GIOCO DELLA MIA INFANZIA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 54,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSCVPOQWpuY	MineTek 2.0 : #7 - Si migliora abbestia! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 34,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPiC4i3-NVI	Una normale partita ad URF by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 19,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gbog_M3JKaU	Installare SHADER MOD su MINECRAFT 1.7.5 - Tutorial ITALIANO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 54,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0mSfVaunk4	GTA... 3 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 50,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qmT06JCOzw	MineTek 2.0 : #6 - Una caverna nuova! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 30,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXinjqh383M	Goat Simulator: CAPRA SATANICA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 39,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfU7TICRp-w	Focus GAMING - Dell Venue 11 PRO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 20,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMIuXnUZhFM	Classe strana per un video strano by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 31,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvIJL1OM12o	MineTek 2.0 : #5 - RUSH FINALE ASSURDO!! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 23 minutes 41,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaBlgdox6-Q	GTA... 2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 195,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poL5IDANT2Q	PER 4 PUNTI by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 17,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAeeRBG6ZCg	MineTek 2.0 : #4 - EPIC FAAAAAAIL! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 19 minutes 31,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N71X3WTi8bw	AnswerTek #4 : La mia casa! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 34,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqFzbH2SlRs	GESU' in SOUTH PARK by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 20,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7KQj_dCbec	MineTek 2.0 : #3 - SCACCHI! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 34,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKCR1z5GUA4	Giochiamo a... Guardie e LADRI! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 17 minutes 12,790 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Noh-x_2Wa7E	SFIDA A xMURRY- Just Dance by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 21,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BA6Uz2QId8	URLARE su TITANFALL by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 19,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-U1_JaAt2Y	MineTek 2.0 : #2 - Ma che ROBA E'??? by GiampyTek 6 years ago 24 minutes 38,740 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CJsxN0SNWI	In officina da Tek by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 21,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fTOs8Q3Wtg	MineTek 2.0 : #1 - Stessa Merda altro Giorno.. by GiampyTek 6 years ago 23 minutes 50,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vjg93-a6FU	GIOCO SENZA UN POLLICE! - The Mighty Quest For Epic Loot by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 23,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YT9ols6CxOU	MECCANICO TEK AL VOSTRO SERVIZIO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 33,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uyt-TywhXCo	Testa a Testa! - Dirt 3 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 14,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VELBggyVAhI	COD : GHOSTS vs MW2 - Secondo GiampyTek by GiampyTek 6 years ago 16 minutes 27,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIMwQYMRRWo	MOMENTI EPICI su GTA ONLINE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 356,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qzox3M8lGXs	Murry, Lego e Tek in una BATTAGLIA TITANICA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 36,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Mj48Rx-Q1I	League of Legends : La forza di DEMACIA - Garen by GiampyTek 6 years ago 38 minutes 22,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uxpyj7W0zug	Flappy Bird : UCCELLO MALEDETTO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 39,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH-Gd7Jai8E	Il TITANO Ciccio e i suoi alleati by GiampyTek 6 years ago 24 minutes 20,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBNARt6U9lI	Una Partita TITANica by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 22,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-L7Ihdww0M	MineTek #6 - L'isola della MORTE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 15 minutes 42,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noPH5POYJ_U	AnswerTek #3 : CIABATTA vs GIAMPYTEK by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 29,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SS6hAEKyMg	LA MIA RAGAZZA MI STA SALVANDO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 43,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaoM_nRW8DU	MineTek #5 - Che DELUSIONE!.. by GiampyTek 6 years ago 23 minutes 39,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZZqS-MMPV4	Il soldato Ciccio e i suoi alleati by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 34,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vvBlKO8kcY	Voglio VINCERE! - Gioco delle Armi SCLEROSO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 32,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0riXj3yyHtw	MineTek #4 - Quanti buchi sto scoprendo?! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 35,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM2K4qvPXBo	Battlefield 4 È BUGGATO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 15 minutes 27,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dD9EMn8da1w	Ricordi d'infanzia 3.0 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 1 minute, 36 seconds 33,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqeX7mj3DCo	MineTek #3 - CREEPER HAKUNA MATATA by GiampyTek 6 years ago 19 minutes 38,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HMCPuhlT6o	LA CINA MI PERVADE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 16,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSxwx-cJcnc	BabboTek - CONTEST di NATALE (?) by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 51 seconds 17,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxBazDsAi8E	MineTek #2 - Si va in AVANSCOPERTA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 19 minutes 42,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTdXqukZSMc	UN UNICORNO PAZZO - CLOP FUNNY MONTAGE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 29,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MxnTcD6I4s	Chi è GiampyTek? | Trailer/Promo Canale by GiampyTek 6 years ago 1 minute 1,299,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWEKw-jjXZU	Questo è il NEXUS?!.. Ah no sono le FOGNE.. by GiampyTek 6 years ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 27,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_j-A-jabUOM	Anno nuovo, CANALE NUOVO! - TekHardware by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 13 seconds 22,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se6H64Ym4bs	AnswerTek #2 : GIAMPY DA PICCOLO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 36,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CA6Rc3muSxQ	MineTek #1 - Un mondo FANTASTICO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 19 minutes 60,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVJn09aID_8	Sono SCLERATO! - Modern Warfare 2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes 32,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZQlJ-YXIj8	Forza Roma, abbasso Lazio - FIFA 14 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 15 minutes 26,925 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhN8zfVFISg	AnswerTek #1 : GIAMPY LECCA MARTELLI (Wrecking Ball) by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 50,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pzy7MSUj8zY	WELCOME 2014 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 35,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztINFQwK_7Y	HUNGER GAMES DI FINE ANNO con MURRY! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 17 minutes 68,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x_Zi94GD3k	DJ GIAMPYTEK - Trust Tytan 2.1 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 57,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgLPyvZgQPI	Un Fantasma... FALLITO! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 31,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BY7a_91RVX4	IL FINALE EPICO - La scalata verso il PARADISO #4 - Parkour Map by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 50,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JML3isrs6g	Un Augurio per voi..  - BUONE FESTE A TUTTI! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 5 seconds 17,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFxFWryab18	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: SPUMANTE AD OGNI KILL! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 39,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lw380yD5hEs	AUGURI A ME by GiampyTek 6 years ago 1 minute, 27 seconds 25,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmEpW8mLhko	MI ESCO LA M... - La scalata verso il PARADISO #3 - Parkour Map by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 39,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISfD-ey-qYs	MONEYGRABBER by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 26,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mylkGY3zcJU	Un Unboxing DISTURBATO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 54,557 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntqhIBhAvKY	GTA 5: 3 WAYS TO DIE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 57,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8M9QpleP1pI	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: MANI LEGATE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 39,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0fj0_z9Ikk	SPADE LASER! - La scalata verso il PARADISO #2 - Parkour Map by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 45,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiTc-xxJvGE	Ci vuole DOLCEZZA... by GiampyTek 6 years ago 1 minute, 41 seconds 32,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_8ybSUk4O4	Tips and Tricks PLAYSTATION 4 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 42,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzZivkIA__E	Dove CAZZO sono finiti i NEED FOR SPEED? by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 23,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vX1Illh-qDw	ROY CANTA! - La scalata verso il PARADISO #1 - Parkour Map by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 56,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZU4o99yJNtY	Stesso gioco, altra Console - COD Ghosts PS4 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 23,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFRpflaFBmE	KNACK - PS4 GAMEPLAY by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 29,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci30lumlesw	SCHERZI TELEFONICI NOTTURNI by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 177,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfLCAw3cauU	Minecraft: Ocean #LA FINE? - 84 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 99,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQHVhi5Crp8	PLAYSTATION 4 UNBOXING by GiampyTek 6 years ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 122,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRsHuXeJj54	UN GIOCO PERFETTO! - Assetto Corsa by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 28,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfjNzOsHRzc	AC IV Black Flag: Confronto GRAFICA tra PC e XBOX360 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 17,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrx0cbZuW5M	Minecraft: Ocean #83 - COME UCCIDERE IL WITHER BOSS FACILMENTE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 75,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwJCRtk1jgQ	Come UNBOXARE degli OCCHIALI DA GAMING by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 26,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU4TlWwUrQw	Murry canta WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 53,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuUvL2pMhVw	Giocata NOTTURNA in LIVE! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 20 minutes 24,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKPFckftWxs	BATTLEFIELD 4 PC GLITCH / BUG / CHEAT Multiplayer by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 47 seconds 24,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLL3YYTX1qA	Minecraft: Ocean #82 - TESTE COMPLETEEEEEEEEEEE!! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 41,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie9xWa-oNrQ	UN SOLDATO DA STRAPAZZO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 21,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfwhSC-vWv8	2 Players, 1 PC - GiampyTek & Murry | COD: Ghosts by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 68,094 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB2qIIwqfvU	IL MIO LUCCA COMICS by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 22 seconds 13,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXE1hn0cHlU	Minecraft: Ocean #81 - Tutte le TESTE!... Forse by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 36,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qek2MjepCr4	GLI ALIENI CI INVADONO... Su Call of Duty Ghosts - Modalità ESTINZIONE by GiampyTek 6 years ago 18 minutes 43,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD6tvnHBtKE	Murry e GiampyTek hanno LITIGATO?... NO!! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 16 seconds 70,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkHng5nKl_4	COD Ghosts: VA SOTT'ACQUA!! - Primo Gameplay by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 25,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4QkQ5qjFos	CAVALCHIAMO LE CAPRE! - Brothers a Tale of Two Sons #3 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 24 minutes 7,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDYP8oThYsg	GamesWeek 2013 | Nvidia Shield by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 16,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N-n5wzHdVg	Minecraft: Ocean #80 - NUOVI EFFETTI... PER MALATI. by GiampyTek 6 years ago 33 minutes 55,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYHwmTige-Y	Just Dance 2014: LA SFIDA FRA YOUTUBERS! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes 66,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtWlE-yFIr0	GamesWeek 2013 | ESPERIENZA UNICA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 35,377 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zk7_47Tn7A	GTA 5: FEEL LIKE A SUPER MARIO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 28,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNkbH8w-MWs	Minecraft: Ocean #79 - Nether.. e ancora NETHER! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 22 minutes 43,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DC-snr243pQ	OSU! - Musica a ritmo di TAVOLETTA e TASTI! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 34,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eF47mcBqAB4	Minecraft: Ocean DISTRUTTA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 4 minutes, 34 seconds 62,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOOzBZyqhQ8	LA FUNIVIA ARTIGIANALE! - Brothers a Tale of Two Sons #2 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 23 minutes 12,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf-rXKUwUcY	IL MIO NUOVO PC DA GAMING by GiampyTek 6 years ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 122,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiKfIDjwGfg	Minecraft: Ocean #78 - Mucche, MUCCHEEE! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 15 minutes 41,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv7n9ONtsaQ	GamesWeek & Lucca Comics by GiampyTek 6 years ago 3 minutes, 3 seconds 15,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvk0mFz8AtI	GTA 5: COME NON ASSALIRE FORT ZANCUDO by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 126,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5kptFEfLYQ	UN'AVVENTURA FANTASTICA! - Brothers a Tale of Two Sons #1 by GiampyTek 6 years ago 25 minutes 18,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tVU0U4JNB4	GTA 5: ONLINE? NON CAPISCO! - Funny Montage by GiampyTek 6 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 61,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBIpsjrhPX8	Minecraft: LiveStreaming - The Parkour Champion by GiampyTek 6 years ago 1 hour, 6 minutes 29,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWzDA7CapxI	Minecraft: Ocean #77 - Sto laggando ABBESTIA! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 16 minutes 43,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_44NMrv1lZI	I veri videogiocatori preferiscono L'ALLUMINIO! - CM Mech, Reaper, Pulse-R by GiampyTek 6 years ago 21 minutes 21,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiqeyS87Wkk	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: BRIGHTNESS CHALLENGE!! by GiampyTek 6 years ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 28,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5X4Y57MrYc	ENERMAX: Power, Innovation, Design - iVektor, T.B. Apollish, Black Twister by GiampyTek 6 years ago 21 minutes 17,891 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL2gC05hNGc	BATTLEFIELD 4 - PRIMI SCLERI by GiampyTek 6 years ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 26,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2zy0U3azWQ	Minecraft: Ocean #76 - TESTA DEL WITHER by GiampyTek 7 years ago 23 minutes 51,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wL1HMYVF-c	E' un PITTORE!! - iSketch #1 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 28,218 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4TVkGd_xvE	GTA 5: Un'ASTRONAVE con le RUOTE! - Space Docker by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes 73,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WWj4X3Uhng	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #75 - RITORNO CARICO!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 24 minutes 53,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRqvCPfqiuw	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Ogni kill un RUTTO! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 45,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVSgnqboPVs	Ocean Returns TRAILER! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 1 minute, 13 seconds 27,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UhAtcDDN2Y	GTA 5: Invasione ALIENA e PAGLIACCIOSA by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 59 seconds 68,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7k2M5_82KYM	GTA 5: Corse SPERICOLATE su STERRATO! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 59,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEdUFb_RbEk	GTA 5:  Un giro su un DIRIGIBILE SCOPPIETTANTE! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 84,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSxeL5G80-k	Ubisoft Digital Days 2013 - Panoramica dei videogiochi by GiampyTek 7 years ago 27 minutes 9,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwxFvMR5pUc	GTA 5: STUNTING? POSSIBILE! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 17 minutes 145,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf3Lbk7EV0Q	Personalizza il tuo set da GAMING!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 27,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzfAB8oq-t4	Live from Paris: Info dall'Ubisoft Digital Days 2013 + Room Unboxing by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 14,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4of2zqbvHiE	Road to Mirror's Edge 2 - Episodio #FINALEEE by GiampyTek 7 years ago 48 minutes 27,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdpN8aO40Ks	Splinter Cell Blacklist: COOP - Amb. Egiziana - CON SCENE FUNNY!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 24 minutes 15,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR0o3Gh_Fek	Rayman Legends: Liberiamo gli ometti blu by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 26,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0rxQCxaCBY	Splinter Cell Blacklist: COOP - Amb. Pakistana - Giampy, Chubby, Giampy Bunny by GiampyTek 7 years ago 25 minutes 18,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuIAGS-0h7o	Road to Mirror's Edge 2 - Episodio #4 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 42 minutes 28,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYt_81FWGbU	Splinter Cell Blacklist: COOP - Oltre il confine - Compà le mine! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 29,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feREwotinPw	COD: Apocalypse - Dig / TakeOff  @Black Ops 2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 28,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COzo-LHLAW0	Sniping EPICO su PC! - Modern Warfare 2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 39,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tF4cC95Z5ZE	Road to Mirror's Edge 2 - Episodio #3 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 39 minutes 38,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7ARCN0XRO8	ASSALTO AL NIGHT CLUB! - Payday 2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 43,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evR6bzefpVY	Crash Bandicoot: The Return of Dr. Cortex - Left 4 Dead 2 Campagna by GiampyTek 7 years ago 1 hour, 8 minutes 51,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4o753HGZcw	LA MIA PRIMA RAPINA! Con Luke e QueiDueSulServer - Payday 2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 51,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llc-cTqKXrM	Road to Mirror's Edge 2 - Episodio #2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 28 minutes 42,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpIJ-MCsSZ4	Che topo EPICO! - Roccat KONE Pure by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 30,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA8jgfP1IkE	Back to the best COD - Modern Warfare 2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 36,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH1ShqEuXpc	MOMENTI EPICI IN OCEAN! - SPECIALE 100K by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 147,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b0JhsGhud8	Road to Mirror's Edge 2 - Episodio #1 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 33 minutes 98,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6ZshSuMcnM	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #FINALE EPICO by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 52,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUDffp1KxUc	Non arrendersi MAI! - Come VINCERE un GDA in 2 minuti by GiampyTek 7 years ago 3 minutes, 45 seconds 32,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chB_DGFim_4	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #10 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 54,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfGMTmJSzds	GTA V... Lo compri? by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 32,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbmAMfWYFyc	Le CUFFIAZZE dei PRO GAMER - Turtle Beach PX22 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 66,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2LoHVKNssM	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #9 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 48,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRKqYl03SsY	Giampy The Doctor - MotoGP 13 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 33,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKg7uqm39y4	TELEFONO DI MERDA! ... - Far Cry 3 Multiplayer by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 23,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-O93T7OAG0Y	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #8 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 50,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNSnpy_93G4	Gaming PC A Basso costo! - MSI Nvidia GTX 660Ti by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 99,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECEqqFDQxM	In auto con TEK e MURRY! A ritmo di Tunz Tunz by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 102,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uM_rj5jCxE	13 Minuti di IDIOZIA PURA! - Black Ops 2 [feat xMurry] by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 70,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMlWsna3wI	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #7 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 48,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftom2ZUtdM0	BLINDFOLD CHALLENGE! - Tra Piselli e Carote [feat xMurry] by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 184,048 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlC0oEQu-mw	IL MIO LABORATORIO SEGRETO! - Room Setup! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 25 seconds 135,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8BTGwjBbXc	Encore, J'adore - Black Ops 2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes 24,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwtE38fAOds	Effusioni amorose con un Eisberg - CM Eisberg 240L Prestige by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 21,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am6OtTaBfYw	Giochiamo a PALLA!! - FIFA13 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 32,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wf4Z2AH9ZGA	Una nuova voce - Samson Meteor by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 52,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCeZvxfIv74	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #6 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 56,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXnd6FrmhCQ	CONZIAMOCI UNA CANNA! - Metro Last Light by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 25,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn6cAZnXWuE	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #5 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 56,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njRQVMi69EY	Sono VIVO!! - La mia Malattia... by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 388,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRcK-8hT58o	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #4 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 58 seconds 67,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeVJBfBDIq4	XBOX ONE - Riassunto della conferenza Microsoft in ITALIANO by GiampyTek 7 years ago 19 minutes 31,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNQ4RcVCKRQ	SPAZZIAMO INSIEME su Battlefield 3! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 25,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03hyAl0aDCE	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Succo di LIMONE! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 52,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXilUC9cnL0	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #3 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 63,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyBv3wQE3jg	Il Computer di mio Fratello! - Low Budget PC by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 45 seconds 85,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHcF-VOzC2A	Bruciamo le UOVA DI TONNO - FarCry 3 Blood Dragon by GiampyTek 7 years ago 17 minutes 25,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VloUQrBy3Gk	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 69,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjyAoJXV1fM	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Scotch sulle BRACCIA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 45,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCEA7W5KCnE	Minecraft: Un PARKOUR BESTEMMIOSO! - #1 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 121,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrG4tGZ-BVU	GiampyTek & RoYaLaiZz vs BOT a VETERANO! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 71,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xttc2XkvaJ0	L'ANSIA PIU' TOTALE! - Slender Woods by GiampyTek 7 years ago 27 minutes 18,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG5iBtvcDNU	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Chubby Bunny Challenge - Marshmallow in BOCCA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 42,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrypBjJBXPA	Il Videogioco che UCCIDE il Pilota - Trials Evolution GOLD Edition by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 19,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ2Jrm4rgcM	SDVOGO GARA! - GTA The Ballad Of Gay Tony by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 19,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtBu6bE3TJQ	Battlefield 3: LIVE con le TORTE - [BEST ON YT] by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 21,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx2hxn7V8Dg	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Cotton Fioc nei BUCHI!.. by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 40,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm67AQcUWZM	HUNGER EPIC GAMES by GiampyTek 7 years ago 27 minutes 91,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IuYTAfoq24	Un viaggio in 5 Minuti - Tek a Milano by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 17,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwvVlMLdZYk	SUPERCONNESSIONE - Buffalo AirStation 1750 & 1300 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 17,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DkQI78lKC0	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: DENTIFRICIO in FACCIA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 49,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jb37Y9T-ck4	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #74 - ENDEEEEEEER chest. by GiampyTek 7 years ago 17 minutes 73,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_edBKIsvDI	UNA GIORNATA CON VOI - Vlog Raduno by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 37 seconds 30,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxWvMsVT9N8	Il Videogioco con la "V" MAIUSCOLA - SimCity by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 14,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ndmLeCvqFw	VLOG: 70.000 ISCRITTI e 300 VIDEO - GRAZIE! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 2 minutes, 37 seconds 23,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2K9KcRZzjM	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #73 - Diamanti everywhere by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 58,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4eclN8Fjtk	TEK U PILOTA - Most Wanted #1 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 28,760 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkdm9Gm_wMY	TIRA LE MADONNE! - Defiance Multiplayer by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 16,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKw-gqwovm0	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Spray alla PANNA in BOCCA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 52,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djzo9p1ptyQ	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #72 - Fen's House! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 21 minutes 60,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT9tw-sL1eM	TEK U BALLERINO - Just Dance 4 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 14 seconds 26,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GD_mWvC-7g	4 PAXXI IN CITTA' - Black Ops 2 Zombies #3 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 29,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USt_SFtDaZw	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #71 - Teste di CA.. Ehm Mob! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 52,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZpTy0o_s2s	4 PAXXI IN CITTA' - Black Ops 2 Zombies #2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 29,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho4odUCx-to	Testiamo la CREATURA! -  MSI FM2-A85XA-G65, AMD A10-5800K by GiampyTek 7 years ago 31 minutes 62,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAqyzjw7bvQ	Un unboxing ENORME! - Corsair, Cooler Master, MSI, AMD by GiampyTek 7 years ago 22 minutes 24,193 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGpukh9PfrM	HARLEM SHAKE - @Palermo, 24 Marzo 2013 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 30 seconds 56,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--JrBN1bbT4	BOOM HEADSHOT! - Far Cry 3 Multiplayer by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 20,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMap_7ZGpLE	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #70 - Rutto del VULCANO! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 58,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egMv1CIfs84	4 PAXXI IN CITTA' - Black Ops 2 Zombies #1 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 49,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAByQr1R8CU	INCONTRA GIAMPYTEK! @Palermo, 24 Marzo 2013 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 2 minutes, 44 seconds 16,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIpv9I6JGaI	Giampy a LIQUIDOOO! - Cooler Master Seidon 120M by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 21,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF8v8XL8qcQ	Last Summer - Left 4 Dead 2 Campagna - Pt.2/2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 26 minutes 20,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAQXzFSmV3M	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #69 - L'isola va a FUOCO! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 93,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3mg40Qy_8E	GiampyPotter - In Verbis Virtus by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 44,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VILlFC96oJc	Last Summer - Left 4 Dead 2 Campagna - Pt.1/2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 28 minutes 37,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfHnyPF7kIc	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: 12 Bicchieri di COLA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 83,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLnQwL5Bcy0	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #68 - Primi tentativi di vulcanaggio! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 17 minutes 53,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t29Jjb_7Q-A	Un regalo per VOI: Mappa Ocean + Texturepacks DOWNLOAD! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 3 minutes, 55 seconds 39,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSs7TU7Yjdw	Usain Bolt in versione ZOMBIE! - Black Ops 2 Zombie by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 13,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE8TgjidXOU	Un infinità di spazio! - Western Digital Caviar Black 4TB by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 15,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmderWA9UwA	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: 13 Golia Activ Plus IN BOCCA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 55,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVkeEyM_ALY	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #67 - Ritorno alla FOLLIA PURA. by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 56,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NP_ji5i5_Kw	Due perfetti idioti su Battlefield 3... by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 83,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsljsaPP5_E	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #2 - Pagani Huayra by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 15,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKe5WvWN4HI	GiampyTek in Full HD: Canon PowerShot SX40 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 15,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EJiPin8LGQ	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: 13 Cucchiai di NUTELLA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 61,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0RwjVFjOy0	Minecraft: Ocean - Chiarimenti e Info sulla serie by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 40 seconds 26,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8-9vJ0hu5g	CM Storm Trooper: Un case MASTODONTICO! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 24,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1cwCOaneGo	Scherzo TELEFONICO al povero xMurry - "Mi sto sentendo male" by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 448,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C10RHA2G3lU	SimCity: Primi passi per cominciare e Pareri - Tek City by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 46 seconds 19,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzSuOXXaffg	Black Ops 2: GiampyTek su XBOX!... O Quasi... by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 42,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSSZeED-IlQ	Minecraft: Hunger Games w/ xMurry - I like big guns by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 113,061 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jmMg03hWOo	Minecraft: Una strana avventura.. - La storia di Geltal by GiampyTek 7 years ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 52,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewgErKpM_eM	Black Ops 2: Un prestigio, un live! #5 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 40 seconds 16,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjUwt17LmtI	VINCITORI CONTEST #1 - In collaborazione con Cooler Master by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 14,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxKTwoQ-hYY	Corsair: Dissipatore a liquido H60 & Mouse Vengeance M65 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 26,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dFhSqmwi3g	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Mouse e tastiera al CONTRARIO!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 56,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPtyGaxoKKc	Minecraft: Parteciperò alla 3 edizione di NOOBTUBERS! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 25,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnAnXelNx24	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #3 - Bugatti Veyron Super Sport by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 17,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PKXCX7aj-A	CONTEST #1 - In collaborazione con Cooler Master ITALIA by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 12,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSqhsP9iwow	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Sfida per VOI!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 39,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk3wUjf-4AU	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #66 - Sono davanti o dietro? by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 81,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtQnxFA75qc	Samsung SSD 840: Specifiche e Benchmark by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 17,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3kB2gIWh4k	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: 12 Big Babol in BOCCA!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 98,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7SMeTsVdjY	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #65 - Ghast laggante by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 47,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8d6rluWeIs	Black Ops 2: Un prestigio, un live! #4 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 20,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTlW4leNzp4	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #4 - Lamborghini Aventador by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 13,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0yljIrMlyg	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Pentola + Mestolate in TESTA!!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 51,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNSe9ZX0M5o	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #64 - Il ritorno di Ocean!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 35 minutes 75,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jyd7LdouD4	Black Ops 2: Un prestigio, un live! #3 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 24,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx81xMtr0z8	Mouse da gioco: Asso nella manica o spesa inutile? by GiampyTek 7 years ago 23 minutes 52,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0CpYFyo4kU	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Accappatoio e Bagnoschiuma! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 21 minutes 42,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Lshq4zCFBk	Minecraft: GiampyTek su Hunger Games! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 64,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0P8etbLT7E	PRIMO VIDEO DEL 2013: NFS Most Wanted: Gara #5 - Porsche 918 Spyder Concept by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 15,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkI5EFpwa0c	Black Ops 2: Un prestigio, un live! #2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 58 seconds 33,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p52JumKVgmE	Il capriccio dell'iscritto: Fanculo ai Maya! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 26 minutes 52,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHeuiIJJ_jI	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #63 - Wither.. Di nuovo! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 77,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50I551Cy_Uk	Black Ops 2: Stupidi Bot - TDM 144 - 6 on Standoff by GiampyTek 7 years ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 47,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6_UmCvDj3U	Buone feste da GiampyTek & Co. by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 22,838 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3cB1XLBuNU	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #62 - Lettere che si avvicinano by GiampyTek 7 years ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 61,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THQ10-tfpwY	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #61 - Exp.. I need exp!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 17 minutes 66,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU6GNQZCtBw	Slender: Haunt - GiampyTek in vestaglia nei boschi by GiampyTek 7 years ago 33 minutes 20,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quYZmAl8FVo	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #6 - McLaren MP4-12C by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 14,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL9e3JbsVPs	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #8 - Christmas Edition! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 27 minutes 23,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAJ6-G4Tykg	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #60 - RoYalaizZ Crudele D: by GiampyTek 7 years ago 17 minutes 77,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbxV9NzJ-Rs	Unboxing Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 e Prime impressioni by GiampyTek 7 years ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 18,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2X0lFzmhUs	Un nuovo YouTube... MERDA! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 28,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjRvlHG24N8	Counter-Strike: Global Offensive - Le mie prime due partite by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 11,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diFoHP3kESs	Minecraft: Ocean #Episodio Speciale -  BUON COMPLEANNO OCEAN!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 57,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWU5SdTvuGA	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #7 - Calzini & AEK-971 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 20,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHZ3Ie60ITQ	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #59 - Non spaccarmi la bocca :O by GiampyTek 7 years ago 19 minutes 65,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svmkIgvIALc	CM Storm - Tastiera Meccanica Quick Fire TK by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 18,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOw7rn8W1oY	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #7 - Lexus LFA by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 13,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I37Ru41Md6o	Black Ops 2: Assist & Gangnam Style! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 35,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bp41Qy8Kjo	Black Ops 2 Zombie: Tre ganzi su Tranzit by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 54,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDXTvlWQjLw	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #6 - Mutanda & M4A1 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 23 minutes 25,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcVhsbxFHTA	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #58 - Casa sull'albero! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 71,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2Qw0WdqOXU	Tutorial: Come avere NAT Aperto/Moderato su PC by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 100,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs-lsKFofmk	Black Ops 2: Guida alle Pointstreak by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 14,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U19LyluWCE	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #5 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 25,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCGWuQCOL3c	Ocean Survival - Minecraft: Ocean #57 - Magazzino FTW by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 72,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXwb5ZgWaHo	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #8 - Mercedes-Benz SL 65 AMG by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 17 seconds 16,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An-RyJWf88c	Come registrare da PC con la Elgato Game Capture HD by GiampyTek 7 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 25,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL0pwVOmCQ8	Elgato Game Capture HD - Unboxing e Recensione by GiampyTek 7 years ago 3 minutes, 40 seconds 8,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPDMgz6LvOo	Black Ops 2: Lo compro o non lo compro? by GiampyTek 7 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 21,023 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pf2GTAEV86g	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #4 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 26,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZbielU7U4I	Minecraft: Ocean #56 - Fottute Wither! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 19 minutes 64,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTT4L3_A95U	Configurazioni per PC da gioco - Gold/Diamond - pt. 2/2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 24 minutes 30,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgDPCjwCILk	SPECIALE BLACKOPS 2 - I soldati YouTubbiani - ft. xMurry by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 59,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rRCajucNmQ	Il gaming su PC è destinato a morire? by GiampyTek 7 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 22,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XieFPGZe3vM	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #3 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 26 minutes 18,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOFvrCfxFU	Minecraft: Ocean #55 - L'inizio di una nuova stagione! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 20 minutes 100,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MnzWbihLdE	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #9 - Shelby Cobra 427® by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 17,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd8-lqmSrtE	Non mi si drizza l'elicottero - Funny Montage #3 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 36,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXSChlyvoHM	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato #2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 15 minutes 16,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4-pEyYwwOg	Minecraft: Ocean #54 - Ragni maledetti vs GiampyTek by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 72,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ru_JRdCT5yQ	NFS Most Wanted: Gara #10 - Alfa Romeo 4C Concept by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 26,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nY7xEayZyd0	SPECIALE HALLOWEEN - Tutt'altro che paura! - GiampyTek & xMurry - Mario Kart Wii by GiampyTek 7 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 66,904 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdyVbxSKDCY	Cooler Master: Hyper T4 & Blizzard T2 - CPU Cooler by GiampyTek 7 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 32,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhfB6gqOuCs	Battlefield 3: La partita del Sabato by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 24,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKEG96T4KBQ	Minecraft: Ocean #53 - Zombie influenzato by GiampyTek 7 years ago 16 minutes 67,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwujSezZoDE	Muscle March: Oddio l'uomo viagra!! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 31,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38bqRppdzEc	Black Ops: Un commentatore.. Diverso! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 18,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8W02ppcKeE	Borderlands 2: Ep #2 - xMurry Snipah FTW by GiampyTek 7 years ago 23 minutes 21,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3Wzj_m8W_0	Minecraft: Ocean #52 - Fottuti alberi! :O by GiampyTek 7 years ago 18 minutes 65,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFkh60U_PPo	1 Anno su YouTube - GRAZIE A VOI! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 29 minutes 20,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60HsRwM3MFQ	Left 4 Dead 2: The Palace.. Con un vecchio amico! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 19,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLTnfafDhWQ	Giochi per hobby o per obbligo? by GiampyTek 7 years ago 3 minutes, 48 seconds 14,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKq1D2x06mQ	Borderlands 2: Ep #1 - Due sbandati su Pandora! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 23 minutes 30,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oF-2cGPXXl4	Minecraft: Ocean #51 - Piccoli architetti crescono by GiampyTek 7 years ago 21 minutes 76,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_snH4Q0p030	Adesso tocca a voi essere protagonisti! - 1 Anno di zGiampyTek by GiampyTek 7 years ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 20,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyxxlmYb74g	Battlefield 3: Mettiamo alla prova il PC! by GiampyTek 7 years ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 36,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kyNQvd0q38	Gigabyte GTX 670 - Better VGA, Better Gameplay by GiampyTek 7 years ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 23,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW-vhxbEbZw	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #1 - Razor - Finale Pt.2 by GiampyTek 7 years ago 22 minutes 33,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpXRzZ4JUEc	Minecraft: Ocean #50 - EPISODIO SPECIALE - Zona Residenziale by GiampyTek 7 years ago 1 hour, 5 minutes 140,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkYOCeIKLdg	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #1 - Razor - Finale Pt.1 by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 29,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjuD_op7Y-w	FAQ #2 - Ecco le risposte alle vostre domande by GiampyTek 8 years ago 23 minutes 21,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1P3VCHY-_g	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #8 - Il gran finale! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 27 minutes 10,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOD0LWLP_FM	Minecraft: Ocean #49 - Zone inesplorate.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 19 minutes 63,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_G36U0L2M8g	GTA V?.. Me lo immagino così! - GTA IV:SA Mod by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 88,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo2cGcL3E0U	Le 10 cose da NON dire ad uno YouTuber by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 90,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzuilAmgyJY	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #7 - Si ricomincia!.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 21 minutes 9,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5Bnnb9tCr0	Minecraft: Ocean #48 - Troppi diamanti in una sola volta! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 68,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrgE7WMEeb4	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #2 - Bull by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 21,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfHOv-jlM6I	Configurazioni per PC da gioco - Coal/Iron - pt. 1/2 by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 43,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0KPatX293M	I miei pareri su GTA V - Info, Screenshots e opinioni by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 30,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41W7dt_ybUw	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #6 - Lanciami tutto. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 23 minutes 7,848 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCYdHM0rSYk	Minecraft: Ocean #47 - Il faro è completo! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 57,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXphQqoOkEk	Scendiamo in pista! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 18,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2okfZobEztw	Cooler Master: TPC 800 & Silent Pro M2 850W by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 16,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJOWfzqhoe4	L'estate sta finendo: Il diario di un'estate by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 41 seconds 21,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu8G7x2J60w	Slender vs. GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 18 minutes 31,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnyCOEtR4pA	Minecraft: Ocean #46 - Faro elettrico! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 18 minutes 65,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwBPE0TrtAI	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #3 - Ronnie by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 53 seconds 19,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRO4BYMTcIk	FAQ Time #2 -  Fai la tua domanda! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 2 minutes, 51 seconds 13,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqUat6ClZqk	CM Storm - Sentinel Advance II & Speed-RX M by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 26,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kilw7wBqLU	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #5 - Inizia a far puzza?! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 9,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leLs3cAKDUw	Minecraft: Ocean #45 - Un tuffo nel nether by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 57,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgNPCAXQKYY	Cooler Master: Cosmos II - Chassis Enthusiast by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 14 seconds 23,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1sZk4DtkDM	TF2 Co-op: "Mann vs Machine" by GiampyTek 8 years ago 28 minutes 38,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8nEKaXcx6c	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #4 - Nuove apparizioni by GiampyTek 8 years ago 19 minutes 8,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnJnQOqMSfc	Minecraft: Ocean #44 - Ennesimi fail.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 64,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbMnARWI0fU	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #4 - Joe Vega by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 22,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_tEYDqdz-M	BlackOps 2? No, parliamo di Mirror's Edge 2! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 24,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YAwyEUkn64	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #3 - Fottuto osservatorio by GiampyTek 8 years ago 17 minutes 10,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-UwJIREVos	Minecraft: Ocean #43 - Tanti fail per GiampyTek! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 77,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtPEzdbH3jA	Battlefield 3: Account "Rubato" e Info PC by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 24,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pbkp2BnCUI	La mia storia su Minecraft (In breve) by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 69,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWKUR9JC8Gw	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #2 - Pompiere di merda! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 11,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSeZ55bOi2M	Minecraft: Ocean #42 - 3 Achievement, One video! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 69,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52TN_qHyWJI	It's a long Road - Funny Montage #2 by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 39,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xQ8IqZaOyo	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #5 - Webster by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 3 seconds 16,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmPuyB5obQ0	Vlog: Just an ordinary day.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 17,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTTfiB7FjPk	Alan Wake Nightmare: Episodio #1 - Motel! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 18,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrnbbKX5QJU	Minecraft: Ocean #41 - Piramide Epic Fail! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 21 minutes 75,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP9pbzlKKs8	CM Storm - Quick Fire Pro Mechanical Gaming Keyboard by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 3 seconds 23,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HqKCiWaEgA	Minecraft: Ocean #40 - Ho ucciso i Fen! - *Episodio no-sense* by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 93,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amVp-ak9MIA	GiampyTek sclerato su BlackOps by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 24,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_iSsrh8agw	LIMBO: Episodio #9 EPISODIO FINALE - Limbo bimbaa! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 15,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TpnHsh-wwo	Minecraft: Ocean #39 - Tutti a maree! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 77,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv7ySXWPDO8	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #6 - MING by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 16,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFCx0l4Yi_c	Terzo Upgrade del PC: Corsair Carbide 400R Gaming Case by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 28,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPOS9Q4QrA0	PC da Gaming? Consigli per gli acquisti by GiampyTek 8 years ago 17 minutes 89,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLyOEavoXf8	Come NON giocare a BF3 - Funny Montage by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 64,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPzeoC0i6KM	Limbo: Episodio #8 - Oddio la testaa!! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 12,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPBceBSPZf8	Minecraft: Ocean #38 - Angurie a 1 Euroo! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 17 minutes 72,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRET1LU3Z5Q	Battlefield 3: Canali di Noshahr & AEK-971 by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 28 seconds 18,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNWsEi937Mg	Minecraft: The Parkour of the Creators - Custom Map by GiampyTek 8 years ago 3 minutes, 13 seconds 39,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sJuu2G6ekQ	LIMBO: Episodio #7 - Che merda! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 12,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xtJYOJPj_w	Minecraft: Ocean #37 - Maledetto fungo by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 71,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YFNVzX7Tpg	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #7 - Kamikaze by GiampyTek 8 years ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 16,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DSh-bOZcVk	Bad Company 2: Pro gamers fasulli by GiampyTek 8 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 30,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKEyO4tuFQ8	LIMBO: Episodio #6 - Il posto delle seghe by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 15,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3--8nlFaA-8	Minecraft: Ocean #36 - Magma cube, che carino! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 77,421 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMGMtiM9zhs	Secondo Upgrade del PC: i5 2500K, 8GB RAM, Z77 Pro 3 by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 36,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozSpJzbXZus	Minecraft: Ocean #35 - Ossidiana FTW by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 73,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIlcBvATmjI	Modern Warfare 3: Erosion e Aground  - DLC Gratuito by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 13,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNLrRbgVtgQ	LIMBO: Episodio #5 - Quanto è forte sto bambino! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 15,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5JnjpdrJto	Minecraft: Ocean #34 - GOLEEM! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 85,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C00FQzlfQdw	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #8 - Jewels by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 17,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7phv_g4dIMw	Deathcraft 2 - Left 4 Dead 2 Campagna by GiampyTek 8 years ago 41 minutes 257,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHlOrTL2xLU	LIMBO: Episodio #4 - Don't try this at home! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 15,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvSugIQ1RBM	Minecraft: Ocean #33 - Porto, completo! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 20 minutes 83,637 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8wG4YTaKkM	Modern Warfare 3: Italia + Gaming = WTF by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 12,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkEWJX21Mko	Minecraft: Wireless redstone senza Mod by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 3 seconds 44,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUQw2syjd6w	LIMBO: Episodio #3 - Ho paura dell'acqua! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 18,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQRyHWWSaeU	Minecraft: Ocean #32 - Nuova stagione per Ocean! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 11 seconds 105,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyFwM6vQavY	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #9 - Earl by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 15,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWExpQdJjuE	Batman AC: Visitiamo Arkham City! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 19 minutes 11,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0Z9eCqQwjE	LIMBO: Episodio #2 - E' morto.. DAFUQ? by GiampyTek 8 years ago 17 minutes 18,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAvz_GkxG9A	Minecraft: Ocean #31 - EPISODIO FINALE? by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 43 seconds 87,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNJuq2_GiOE	Amnesia: Custom Map - Abduction by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 14,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUTDS_Zc7a8	Vlog: Una giornata con GiampyTek - 100th Video by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 69,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geuQEQccnME	LIMBO: Episodio #1 - GiampyTek vs. Ragno by GiampyTek 8 years ago 17 minutes 27,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOu7eF1nie0	Minecraft: Ocean #30 - I like it bitches! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 86,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3bGfv2z37g	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #10 - Baron by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 23 seconds 14,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tjth1Ph9YKg	Team Fortress 2: I Free 2 Play sono una valida alternativa? by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 12,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmxbrCmEcNw	LIMBO: Episodio #0 - 100mb di tutto rispetto.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 21,137 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpGIL2m75tc	Minecraft: Ocean #29 - Che fatica sta trappola! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 75,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lN9jkcW-mmE	Minecraft: Ocean #28 - Trappola! Finalmente. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 22 minutes 85,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfIc5pssykI	Primo upgrade del PC - XFX550 e HD5770 Unboxing by GiampyTek 8 years ago 3 minutes, 40 seconds 27,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EFo9kOGoww	Black Ops Zombie: Bevi una vodka stasera!.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 33,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xtWzYjLRac	Minecraft: Ocean #27 - Animali & Bioma! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 84,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXv_DG2ai-g	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #11 - Big Lou by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 14,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whFBj0_8OJI	Nuova intro! :D e Aggiornamenti. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 2 minutes, 10 seconds 11,160 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tAFLYL-_oM	Modern Warfare 2: Hitmarker con l'arma dei quick! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 14,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHTkksZY5Zg	Minecraft: Ocean #26 - Che bella ferrovia! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 76,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOWTjzYpD7I	Team Fortress 2: Che tipo di Gamer sei? by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 14 seconds 14,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqiyAdYGij8	Little Big Planet: Invasione dei Dinosauri! - (1/2) by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 45,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvRbcenXqOk	Minecraft: Ocean #25 - Trickshotter, OMG! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 27 seconds 81,817 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqytfy-NZ9E	Black Ops 2? Qualche informazione utile! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 12,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izetbDCtf_A	Light's Jumper Parkour Map: Trailer... by GiampyTek 8 years ago 2 minutes, 54 seconds 27,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbGnVwANtNs	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #12 - Isabel Diaz by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 15,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SUJb7oa3lc	Minecraft: Ocean #24 - Occhio di ragno, vaff.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 18 minutes 91,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZGm6WRDHX8	Minecraft: Come costruire i "cannoni" di TNT by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 86,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aedfVblC_QU	Hit the target - Minecraft Custom Map by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 41,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxiMScNONME	Logitech G35 e Voice Morphing by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 30,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErxZyFQ4EGI	Minecraft: Ocean #23 - E' un vicolo chiuso! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 65,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGYlYeOg-Kg	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #13 - Vic! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 15,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMDejicF-Ko	Le mie origini su YouTube by GiampyTek 8 years ago 18 minutes 21,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWSQlv5wbsE	Minecraft: Ocean #22 - Costruire un faro? Fatto! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 19 minutes 101,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SU01eN-OOtM	Is this Minecraft? No, it's Mythruna! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 47,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4QcfZez-V4	Orcs Must Die: Io amo questo fottutissimo gioco!! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 12,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzFhLa__M5o	Minecraft: Ocean #21 - Il faro.. Bella sfida! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 76,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__RMrLFOPr4	Minecraft: Ocean #20 - Il faro inizia a nascere!.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 18 minutes 88,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpkiPSVG7F0	Modern Warfare 3: Un ospite molto speciale by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 38 seconds 21,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sECEybLXUb0	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #14 - Taz! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 14,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ulDK8mdU0Y	Minecraft: Ocean #19 - DIAMANTIIII! FTW by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 92,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy-hcK4y1dA	Modern Warfare 3: YouTube e le Partner by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 33 seconds 6,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mXIoL6UFco	Left 4 Dead 2: Suicide Blitz 2 con 3 incapaci... (3 Capitolo) by GiampyTek 8 years ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 38,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwE16R0E2nU	Minecraft: Ocean #18 - Cactus achievement, done! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 71,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-amkHPko6LA	Modern Warfare 3: Infetto? Parliamone un pò.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes 8,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u40rRUJ4KgA	NFS Most Wanted: Blacklist #15 - Sonny! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 25,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1k2i1eA-ko	Minecraft: Ocean #17 - Cactus farm! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 84,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jC3bf31oDuY	Modern Warfare 2: Goodbye AlterIWnet... by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 9,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pK0-Fx26NGE	Little Big Planet: Super Mario Kart! :D by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 55,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAcrcKlfNpU	Minecraft: Ocean #16 - Cascata e laghetto FTW by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 91,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYwAkp5h5c0	Minecraft: Ocean #15 - Epic, ultra FAIL!.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 72,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CALh32ps6Eg	Modern Warfare 3: Consigli per giovani commentatori by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 6,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tQuo6coMhg	Minecraft: Ocean #14 - Acqua dal cielo D: by GiampyTek 8 years ago 18 minutes 88,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQTQwV7a8mE	Mw3 Spec Ops: Minaccia invisibile & Firewall by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 11,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hehnEAPfyXA	Diamo uno sguardo all'epoca videoludica antica.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 9,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEiI1DD8U5E	xMurry alle prese con Talking Pierre by GiampyTek 8 years ago 1 minute, 29 seconds 38,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXhRRJ8jSzQ	Minecraft: Ocean #13 - Che voce carina! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 98,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iwcORy_Xdc	Tutorial: Alcune dritte su Dxtory by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 28,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EptaXInvA2A	Multi: Risposta alle domande F.A.Q ... by GiampyTek 8 years ago 16 minutes 8,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e8nnkkBGdY	Minecraft: Ocean #12 - La storia del Piccono.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 17 minutes 96,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeMxathfR68	Modern Warfare 3: Una chiaccherata con Alby418Y by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 11,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAA1TFfyXyY	Team Fortress 2: Consigli su come giocare w/ xMurry - (Killfeeeeed 3?) by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 47,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLO70F5uzsw	Minecraft: Ocean #11 - Il pane è servito!... by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 4 seconds 93,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UflMumt5jXg	Modern Warfare 3: Per fortuna che ci sono i server! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 7,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9nm7MubH18	Borderlands: FAQ Time! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 8,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUJocOYzx7w	Minecraft: Ocean #10 - Creiamo un pò di roba.. (Cobblestone generator, mob trap..) by GiampyTek 8 years ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 109,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PD-FF3zYcUw	Nation Red: Un TPS Diverso.. - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 6,447 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDjlMMwb5dI	Modern Warfare 2: Una classe a caso.. - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 8,754 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHd4_Bjhym0	Minecraft: Ocean #9 - Giampy fifone! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 19 minutes 109,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaWH-xx275Y	PES2012: Il mio rapporto con il pallone! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 11,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZroW0f6ye8	Modern Warfare 3: Essere Partner con TGN - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 7,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo33yuiYFx4	Minecraft: Ocean #7 - La chest nascosta D: by GiampyTek 8 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 113,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLCwoemLN4I	Minecraft: Ocean #8 - Mare a 12Volts by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 107,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z8Ei7r4P5Q	MW3: Nostalgic Map pack? Ma vaff.. - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 8,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDG5tzzBkLg	Left 4 Dead 2: Left Behind w/ imIceee, RoYalaiZz - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek 8 years ago 22 minutes 40,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FAMcJhdjDM	Minecraft: Ocean #6 - Nuove idee per l'isola.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 108,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upYWe-_7xcU	Modern Warfare 3: Sicilia Bedda - Survival w/ RoyaLaiZz - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek 8 years ago 27 minutes 27,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EKqm1yUYhk	Trine 2: Un divertimento tutto nuovo! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 8,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNGiWCYZAUA	Minecraft: Ocean #5 - Teamspeak fa i capricci.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 118,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMmp5agN5Ss	Modern Warfare 3: Scambiamo due chiacchiere con Ben! - DualCommentary ITA by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 7,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJiiH6qSOEQ	Modern Warfare 3: Drone = Level UP! - Commentary ITA By GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 8,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_kZk7th11w	Minecraft: Ocean #4 - Due fili di bava! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 136,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hR497hmFVKM	Modern Warfare 3: Tutti i miei video! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 7,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72GDWbpgFxs	Modern Warfare 2: Vecchie emozioni! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 6,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SgWyZCRv6Y	Minecraft: Ocean #3 - Tutto prende vita.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 153,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmdhv7zntFQ	Modern Warfare 3: GiampyTek Rage! by GiampyTek 8 years ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 8,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX7K-vOdG_I	Minecraft: Ocean #2 - Si è smerdata l'acqua.. by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 179,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEpHBsZyBD4	KillingFloor: Un gioco diverso - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 15 minutes 13,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHK7SNVCuGg	Modern Warfare 3: Azzannato! - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek ft. Alby418Y by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 20,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsBSUuhmKwI	Minecraft: Ocean #1 - Il solito inizio by GiampyTek 8 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 405,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUJu8LLPuns	Modern Warfare 3: Nuovo Youtube? D: - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 6,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_w6EAwkA3c	Modern Warfare 3: Paradiso Tossico - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek /w RoYalaizZ by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 10,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytdW7Oy2_Fo	Minecraft: Creeper Spleef -  Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 91,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD7IUKNQxSQ	Modern Warfare 3: Adaptive Combat Rifle FTW - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 15,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzKGuzVeo84	Modern Warfare 3: Inizio a capirci qualcosa! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 9,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg7HrA9PEqM	Modern Warfare 3: Come entrare nei server unranked - Tutorial ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 59 seconds 10,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij__DEYqnNE	Modern Warfare 3: Prime considerazioni w/ Unboxing - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 12,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8ZN4fuU_Ls	Modern Warfare 2: Così si gioca a Dominio! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 10,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CyBI3xU8NE	Modern Warfare 2: Parlando di MW3 - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 10,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALky8bPbRNQ	Modern Warfare 2: Essssd! - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek w/ 4M8U by GiampyTek 8 years ago 14 minutes 15,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE3w0Z1IxmE	Modern Warfare 2: iPad, iPhone, iSnipe! - Commentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 16,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeU3HDfCX30	BlackOps: Formattare nuoce gravemente alla salute! - Commentary ITA By GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 4 minutes 13,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kVw8w5Rcfs	Modern Warfare 2: Oddio! 360!! - Livecommentary ITA by GiampyTek by GiampyTek 8 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 30,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0s4EEHu5qY	Left 4 Dead 2: Killhouse - Livecommentary by GiampyTek, 4M8U, imIceee by GiampyTek 8 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 110,863 views
