https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3C1AGW48E68	IL RITUALE DELLO SPECCHIO OSCURO CON NICOLE PALLADO *BARBIE E KEN* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 minutes ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 3,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja1103Qrtiw	BARBIE E KEN CHALLENGE feat. NICOLE PALLADO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 days ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 274,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHkmphwS9YI	PROVO L'ASPIRA PUNTI NERI CON MICROSCOPIO! *DISGUSTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 week ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 328,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQgZ3ANU--M	PROVO A FARE IL BUBBLE TEA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 week ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 400,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSg9gVsbHPI	BABY SITTER PER 24H 2 *FINITO MALISSIMO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 week ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 429,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-O55s2LlEg	APRO MYSTERY BOX APPLE *COSTOSO*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 week ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 327,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBExrywF2jQ	PROVO IL LIFTING ALLE CIGLIA * PERICOLOSO LAMINAZIONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 weeks ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 271,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyzOz5seGng	SELENE DELGADO: IL FANTASMA DI FACEBOOK *LA VERITÀ* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 366,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ttiXJXiWIo	SEGUO LA RICETTA ORIGINALE DELLA NUTELLA *FINITO MALE? BOH* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 454,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue2V-WeRrnQ	APRO I MIEI DIARI *IMBARAZZANTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 274,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jZfArqGXBY	SCHERZO A TRUFFATORE: FREGATO! *TROLL SPAM* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 332,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNQbb7dRz8Y	RANDONAUTICA CHALLENGE: TORNO NELLA FABBRICA ABBANDONATA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 352,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAqS_qZcIB4	PROVO A TATUARMI CON LA STAMPANTE *TIK TOK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 348,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djnxIQHnZjE	SEGUO LA RICETTA ORIGINALE DELLA COCA COLA *VERDE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 551,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVLdQ8Bd2nY	RANDONAUTICA CHALLENGE: IN UNA FABBRICA ABBANDONATA *PROIBITO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 485,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E46txmFxjq8	PROVO IL PANE NUVOLA DI TIK TOK | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 540,941 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGGSiiaOEws	PROVO AD EVOCARE UN DEMONE *PERICOLOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 461,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoQJWcABPbE	AMICI COMPRANO I MIEI OUTFIT *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 295,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oM-k6yVRfH8	ROVINATO DAL BOTOX: MI SONO CADUTE LE SOPRACCIGLIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 318,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmwnOaa_HtM	MI CONFESSO NELLA VASCA IDROMASSAGGIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 292,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7W1qrbX66Q	PROVO LA BOLLA GIGANTE IN PISCINA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 373,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKmKOuIjAdc	RANDONAUTICA CHALLENGE: HO TROVATO DEI SOLDI *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 14 minutes, 28 seconds 557,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-mLuQV8z6w	IN PISCINA ALLE 3 DI NOTTE CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 month ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 385,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a65zSi4msL0	PROVO IL RITUALE DEL LIBRO ROSSO CON UN LIBRO MALEDETTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 359,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LwWga_ikkg	INDOSSO LA MASCHERA DEL GAME MASTER EP.9 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 421,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZKMEnnjZdI	HAI MAI IMBARAZZANTE CON NICOLE PALLADO *BARBIE E KEN* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 413,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbURH7aMUok	CERCO IL MIO NOME SU GOOGLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 433,946 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtqLnb6gHDI	PATTO CON IL GAME MASTER EP.8 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 471,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFw8U-e4R80	PROVO LA PIZZA PALLONCINO *FINITO MALE OVVIO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 464,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wva-8MZmp_w	RANDONAUTICA CHALLENGE: HO TROVATO UN MESSAGGIO *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 718,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyS3IcpoFM4	L'INGANNO DEL GAME MASTER EP.6 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 14 minutes, 30 seconds 579,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVeRpFd17Yk	VIVO 24H IN PISCINA CHALLENGE *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 462,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_SLbO3vQh4	HOME TOUR DELLA MIA VILLA ESTIVA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 303,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiCAy37V4OE	NON PROVATE LA RANDONAUTICA CHALLENGE *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 928,177 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pYR8JBOTsg	IL GAME MASTER HA RAPITO MIA SORELLA EP.4 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 614,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIGlbnSo3h0	DIVENTO UN DEMONE *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 289,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIhD5hHXO6I	CHI É JONATHAN GALINDO: LA VERITÀ | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 1,515,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfrwUY7W6VU	IL GIOCO DEL GAME MASTER EP.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 16 minutes 908,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgIXX-5E3CA	CACCIATO DA UN RISTORANTE *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 324,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-Amj6tFEjc	RICREO I CIBI COL GELATO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 373,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqBzr4xZHyY	24H UNITO ALLA MIA EX MIGLIORE AMICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 341,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqGM2X6ic8c	SONO UN CRIMINALE?! VLAVLAVLA EP.2:  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 308,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSzjCstZnp8	TAVOLA OUIJA CON LA BAMBOLA VOODOO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 528,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAXnTMZ5RJ4	LA BAMBOLA È POSSEDUTA *RITO FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 671,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX4Vnyq5D7Q	LA MIA CATECHISTA É IN PRIGIONE: VLAVLAVLA EP.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 368,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgoClHTr-1k	WHISPER CHALLENGE CON LA MIA EX MIGLIORE AMICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 272,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-F_WoxfB8o	SCHIAVE PER 10 ANNI: IL MOSTRO DI CLEVELAND  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 312,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os7tigVvmbM	PROVO LA PIZZA GELATINA *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 444,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb_Zz9V2B64	RIPROVO LE MASCHERE CHE USAVO DA ADOLESCENTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 months ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 267,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzOAVHhmQWA	HO CREATO UNA BAMBOLA MALEDETTA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 427,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwzwVZFKz8I	PROVO IL PANE GELATINA ALLA NUTELLA *DISASTRO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 681,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm6JxZ6Ebhc	IL RITUALE DELLE OSSA: DRY BONES *AGGHIACCIANTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 531,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SmDjAqJZ9M	LEGGO I MIEI QUADERNI DELLE ELEMENTARI *BAMBINO PROBLEMATICO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 486,162 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MulHq6f86Hs	PROVO IL PANE GELATINA *DISGUSTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 14 minutes, 48 seconds 639,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQvLYi-72y0	ROVINATO DALLA CHIRURGIA PLASTICA? *IL MIO SEGRETO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 366,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yg_IFpPNFsI	"TOSCA È MORTA" (MA NON LO ERA) *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 513,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qgIvdtTCDE	PROVO LA TORTA DEPRESSA *SOLO ACQUA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 11 minutes 525,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Kyy269rtCw	FACCIO NASCERE LE FARFALLE 2 *TRAGICO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 14 minutes, 12 seconds 443,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFdqOg5XfMY	COMPRO TUTTO IL MENÙ MCDONALD'S | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 516,192 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH-6v2pot7Y	ALEXA CONTROLLA LA MIA VITA PER 24H *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 319,700 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCUy9RDKG78	MI TATUO LE LENTIGGINI *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 326,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDDk0atSI1E	HO RISPOSTO AD UNA EMAIL TRUFFA SPAM *TROLL ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 735,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rvv4Uff-k0	PROVO LA TORTA GOCCIA *RAINDROP CAKE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 772,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gnnZZ7I6sg	LA GEMELLA FANTASMA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 339,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKD4bA5siWk	CUPCAKE MUCKBANG CON MIA SORELLA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 287,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAGA5qvykAk	EBOY PER 24H CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 439,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXR1foGf3Ag	JEANS FIRMATI FAI DA TE *MODA DIY* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 242,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHBNZ6G_7Tc	MUMMIFICATA DAL SUO STALKER *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 346,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM3D-JvauFw	MAKEOVER A MIA SORELLA *MA NON TI VERGOGNI?!* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 653,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tExDEobe7Fk	I TELEFONI PIÙ PICCOLI DEL MONDO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 345,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBw-zcHUoQc	NON LANCIARE LA SCATOLA SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 775,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAlHSO_jR9E	CREO IL MIO DRINK DI STARBUCKS | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 531,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tle8aQRbQo8	PROVO LA MASCHERA VAMPIRO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 293,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WgqRQvRvlg	SCHERZO UOVO DI PASQUA RIPIENO *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 440,030 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHmpl3Kt0Xo	PROVO IL PANINO CON BUCCE DI BANANA *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 313,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjwVCv4IkNM	PROVO LA PATATINA PIÙ PICCANTE AL MONDO *PERICOLOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,050,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdDSQKi5fOQ	NON BERE DALLA CANNUCCIA SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 820,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFxpYc0fSeU	IL GIOCO DELL'ANSWER MAN *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 556,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODzdHKsB7Bc	PROVO LA MASCHERA MAGICA CON MIA SORELLA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 428,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3t32LDDLuQ	PROVO A FARE IL SUSHI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 626,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cX3AqlwZg4	LA PARTE OSCURA DI TIK TOK | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 11 minutes 613,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VinBS0duws	TESTO L’INTELLIGENZA DEL MIO CANE *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 366,759 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL2cCM9ax1I	PROVO LA FABBRICA CRISTALLI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 390,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fS8qXoE9dao	LIVE! STA SUCCEDENDO QUALCOSA DI STRANO FEAT. PIT | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato Streamed 6 months ago 59 minutes 298,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-kpV1PIxKA	SORELLE COMPRANO I MIEI OUTFIT | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 429,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-FhhZ0ocnM	LIVE! IL GIOCO DEL LIBRO ROSSO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato Streamed 6 months ago 46 minutes 494,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGXJMLHNlnY	LIVE! CHI SI NASCONDE DIETRO QUESTI NUMERI? Parte 2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato Streamed 6 months ago 55 minutes 385,044 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuVisP0eE_s	GIOCO DELL'ASCENSORE ALLE 3 DI NOTTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 825,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msJ7BQaOCAk	CASO DI CORONAVIRUS IN FAMIGLIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 523,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXO3wUTb8QY	PESSIMA ESPERIENZA DA GUCCI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 319,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0VsP75eIBc	CHI SI NASCONDE DIETRO QUESTI NUMERI? *HANNO RISPOSTO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 6 months ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 804,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgcIgtWKkvQ	ACCUSATO DI TERRORISMO IN AEREO: PEGGIOR VOLO DI SEMPRE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 423,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycJ0R2VO_fw	PROVO RED DOOR YELLOW DOOR: IL RITUALE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 513,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xdal6P3tres	L'HO FATTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 629,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kkZoQ1nYFo	TEORIE DEL COMPLOTTO 2020: VIAGGIATORI DEL TEMPO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 469,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEoe3bmNCR0	IL PEGGIORE NEGOZIO DI SEMPRE *LA COMMESSA MI HA SCRITTO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 758,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krPvzBA56as	HO FATTO LA MANO DI SAPONE DI 5 MIN CRAFTS *OSCENA*| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 681,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llTvJeoisbI	DISEGNO SU BORSE DI VUITTON CON FRAFFROG E RICHARDHTT | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 7 months ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 531,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIpsV0_QTuo	PROVO LA SAUNA FAI DA TE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 513,602 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rh2GQQBp_Q	HO PUBBLICATO IL MIO NUMERO DI PROPOSITO: COSA È SUCCESSO? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 719,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJZmi2G8_fU	10 MILA € IN SHOPPING + HO TRUFFATO LA MIA BANCA!? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 412,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkiitxvW3Tk	CACCIATORI DI FANTASMI A CASA MIA *2 ANNI DOPO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 501,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSNNyW5R-aE	NON HO AMICI: COME LI HO PERSI PER COLPA DI UN VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 624,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjk3atDvWSM	RIAPRO ZAINO DOPO 10 ANNI *MACCHINA DEL TEMPO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 527,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNl21HWbw3w	PROVO LE MASCHERE AGLI ACIDI *RISCHIOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 350,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksbTLk8wor4	IL PANINO IMPOSSIBILE: 0% DI CARNE *REAL VS FAKE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 309,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhgJoCJb_hA	TAVOLA OUIJA NELL'ISOLA ABBANDONATA *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 14 minutes 428,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIxAZ1AO8-o	ENTRO NELL'ISOLA FANTASMA: POVEGLIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 8 months ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 447,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-l5u1pKs7U	COMPRO TUTTO QUELLO CHE IL MIO CANE TOCCA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 738,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXMwf5nZ5E8	DEVO CONFESSARE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 388,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gOsfOxHmGY	HO PAGATO DEGLI ARTISTI PER DISEGNARMI: COSTOSO VS ECONOMICO CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 496,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo3EllHrxOk	PROVO A FARE DOLCI DI NATALE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 293,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-LKYs0mbg	INTERVISTA DOPPIA GESÙ CRISTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 368,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCxeXRr9tN8	NON PROVATE LA SKINCARE AMAZON *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 275,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd0JkXkKTRc	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA GIOCATTOLO *VENERDÌ 13* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 697,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCd5SGOSDTY	36 ORE SENZA DORMIRE: COSA É SUCCESSO!? *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 511,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZUuwhZJsz0	BABY SITTER PER 24H *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 14 minutes, 8 seconds 1,296,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBII7BgmMAo	LA CASA DELLE TORTURE: COSA NASCONDE MCKAMEY MANOR? *SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 308,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSGNjdXGTQM	HO SPESO 1000€ IN QUESTA SCATOLA SENZA SAPERE IL CONTENUTO *DISASTRO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 9 months ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 593,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lcaQ4SrOS4	PROVO CALENDARIO DELL'AVVENTO DOLCI AMERICANI 2019 *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 277,715 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcp531ypg4c	SHOPPING BENDATO DI NATALE: GUCCI, VUITTON E BALENCIAGA *COSTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 502,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dWCkg9NHEo	I VIDEO PIÙ SPAVENTOSI DEL 2019 *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 366,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGigr8UTR0E	PROVO LA MASCHERA SECCA *SFOGO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 344,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9GN-rBaS3g	FABBRICA SAPONE *SAPONE ALLA COCA COLA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 323,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmFA6sARwzU	KFC CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 656,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlDpThiAkyQ	HO SCRITTO AL MIO VICINO DI NUMERO *DISAGIO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 1,035,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9siA88SnNdU	PROVO A FARE DELLE CANDELE *DISASTROSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 437,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G0HOlSgaYI	LA MIA FINE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 399,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntJfAK-N0lY	HO COMPRATO FALSI DALLA CINA *REAL VS FAKE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 13 minutes, 57 seconds 669,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21-qhVetVrY	PROVO LA PIZZA PIÚ COSTOSA D'ITALIA *CON IL MIO CONTO HYPE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 10 months ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 528,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BusiAkQvp5s	PROVINO COLLEGIO CON MIA SORELLA E EX MIGLIORE AMICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 332,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g2PgNUJj7M	LA MIA NUOVA AUTO ORO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 764,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rd_ato6b-Zw	BLOODY MARY CHALLENGE *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 463,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDYJcafIWTU	A CACCIA DI STREGHE ALLE 3 DI NOTTE NEL BOSCO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 385,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFd7F8cvokc	TAVOLA OUIJA SUI RESTI DI UN RITUALE *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 423,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP2-auzBmPI	NELLA CHIESA MALEDETTA ALLE 3 DI NOTTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 253,539 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AV4PeeIcJYc	ENTRO IN UNA CITTÀ FANTASMA *ANSIETTA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 273,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP_4K2VhQCo	SPETTROFOBIA (PROD. BECKO) OFFICIAL VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 3 minutes, 40 seconds 380,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odFthL7sGvI	OUIJA: IL RIFLESSO DEL MALE *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 257,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unKAWxP1C_E	TAVOLA OUIJA IN UN CIMITERO ABBANDONATO *FINALE SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 487,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F4U1dZgzj8	ENTRO NEL CIMITERO DEL DIAVOLO *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 480,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo-hr1_2DEQ	OUIJA: IL MALEFICIO PT.3 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 526,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txYiY81ooDA	OUIJA: IL MALEFICIO PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 586,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG_Mo0d9nFE	OUIJA: IL MALEFICIO PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 11 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 598,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbZwx_VVdOs	PROVO LE APPLICAZIONI PER PARLARE CON I FANTASMI *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 281,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-LlXyfMKXU	IL RITUALE DELLE 11 MIGLIA *LO ABBIAMO RIPROVATO*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 928,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfLPEtyUq3M	HO TROVATO DELLE OSSA UMANE + FOTO *MUKBANG SUSHI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 618,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djzP5b4IAwg	SHOPPING BENDATO IPHONE 11 PRO *COSTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 936,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeBLXbW-a60	PASSO LA NOTTE NELLA MIA CASA MALEDETTA *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 516,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=steGfCpserg	SONO STATO BLOCCATO SU AIRBNB PER TRUFFA (HO RAGIONE IO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 211,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQvUHvztatw	PROVO IL CAMPEGGIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 611,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=969fqyN3wZc	SONO STATO NELL'HOTEL PEGGIORE DELLA STORIA (E NON LO SAPEVO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 500,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnXeGtYh1Y4	PROVO IL POMPA LABBRA DELL'INFERNO *DOLOROSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 9 minutes, 32 seconds 628,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGPpmANxCQs	I MIEI FAN CONTROLLANO LA MIA VITA PER 24H | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 16 minutes 505,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgUEmHS54SE	SAMARA CHALLENGE: TUTTI GLI AVVISTAMENTI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 787,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUFtYHat6qQ	HO INCONTRATO ARIANA GRANDE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 738,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y9C6Sy10N4	LE SEDUTE SPIRITICHE PIÙ INSPIEGABILI DELLA STORIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 13 seconds 282,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DlSkceoRX4	FOTO SOTT'ACQUA CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 578,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nUfFdCdTRA	IL RITUALE DEL LIBRO ROSSO NELLA CASA DELLE BAMBOLE *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 584,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJlOog5mWHo	HAI MAI IMBARAZZANTE CON LUCA & KATY, PIT E VALENTINA LATTANZIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 1,459,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBRmDM7KP9M	PROVO IL PENDOLO *PARANORMALE*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 425,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iydraj_7oXk	PROVO A CUCINARE LA COLAZIONE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 499,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImRscSvQebg	PROVO LE MASCHERE DISNEY | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 370,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0d6onosx230	NON PROVATE LA TAVOLA OUIJA IN UN CONVENTO ABBANDONATO *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 563,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CA7h4TUbkiE	LA MIA VILLA SEGRETA *È INFESTATA?* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 499,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsv-KEG9WGQ	FACCIO NASCERE LE FARFALLE *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 809,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T9XT3hK44I	BURGER KING CHALLENGE *CHI VINCE 1000 €?*| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 771,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJHwQN786kQ	AREA 51: INVASIONE 20 SETTEMBRE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 444,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XWnd544gIg	REGALO VESTITO DA SPOSA A MIA CUGINA *COMMOVENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 1,023,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DVIGNy00xY	FACCIO IL BAGNO AL MIO CANE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 750,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXlhs2UhD9E	PROVO IL LIFTING CON IL NASTRO ADESIVO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 579,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgTjd3DqkSI	IL RITUALE DELL'UOMO ROSSO *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 621,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta9XYX8HjX4	PROVO A FARE DEI VASI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 690,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYkQ0D4f4gA	FACEAPP: NON SCARICATE QUESTA APPLICAZIONE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 439,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4KHMfBA8rU	ENTRO IN UNA VASCA DI THE AL LIMONE *DRAMA DEL GIORNO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 495,527 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eormThdACXA	MANGIO SNACK AMERICANI PER 24H | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 16 minutes 875,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsIIITH7BMI	FACCIO NASCERE LE SCIMMIE MARINE *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 1,014,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBjh3otsWVA	RICREO LE MIE FOTO IMBARAZZANTI *10 ANNI DOPO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 449,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvuUtQvXZpQ	SHOPPING BENDATO IN NEGOZIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 553,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuuFa-5t0wQ	SENSITIVE CONTROLLANO LA MIA VITA PER 24H *FINALE ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 20 minutes 537,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pm2JxZzDA4Y	LA MIA PARALISI DEL SONNO *REAZIONE SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 719,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KUd2q3c420	MYSTERY BOX OSTRICHE *HO TROVATO DELLE PERLE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 849,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7hjqfwjeSQ	PASSO UNA NOTTE CON ANNABELLE *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 1,278,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvyaKAXBrdU	LA MIA HAIR STORY *IMBARAZZANTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 382,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHi1-dvj1LA	UN VIDEO DAL MIO STALKER *SPECIALE 1 MILIONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 701,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukWS490WDe4	MUKBANG 30 MILA CALORIE *SPECIALE 1 MILIONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 59 seconds 680,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prs18OwZfl0	PROVO MASCHERE ASSURDE NELLA MIA SPA *SPECIALE 1 MILIONE*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 422,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGG7XGXSoNQ	ENTRO NELLA CASA DEGLI INCUBI *SPECIALE 1 MILIONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 21 minutes 1,012,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy1Fz_uIZrI	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA CON LE MIE SORELLE *SPECIALE 1 MILIONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 57 seconds 1,354,164 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jqDzf5ksHA	IL VERO GIANMARCO ZAGATO *SPECIALE 1 MILIONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 16 minutes 919,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9kTOhsA48c	ABBRACCIO I MIEI ANIMALI PER TROPPO TEMPO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 1,087,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ojzSbYJPOA	HO LASCIATO L’UNIVERSITÀ | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 32 seconds 165,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DTireEEDqA	HAI MAI IMBARAZZANTE CON LA MIA EX MIGLIORE AMICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 513,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN1mIjQYiXQ	SHOPPING BENDATO DA LOUIS VUITTON *COSTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 1,149,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0ziN1uac2A	TUTTI I LAVORI CHE HO FATTO *ASSURDI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 386,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cej_Ugza47k	IL RITUALE DELLE FOTO *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 1,070,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLyWdQ6D4Lo	PIZZA CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,175,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUychhkZD1g	SCONOSCIUTI SCELGONO LA NOSTRA CENA MCDONALD'S | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 16 minutes 1,284,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K27joCGIozQ	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA CON IL LIBRO ROSSO MALEDETTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,013,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx9ybvqg6xY	PROVO IL RASCHIA VISO *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 728,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFWUKyaYzIE	COMPRO I PRODOTTI SPONSORIZZATI DA INSTAGRAM *COSTOSO*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 616,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMzP38JcUdA	LA  MIA ESPERIENZA A CIAO DARWIN *HANNO TAGLIATO LA MIA PARTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 17 minutes 1,247,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAM_QyQ8Ubs	CHIRURGIA PLASTICA: MUCKBANG SUSHI FEAT NICOLE PALLADO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 733,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ3godJcBPY	PROVO I PRODOTTI PIÙ ASSURDI DI AMAZON | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,181,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fstdrR_Ikio	AFFRONTO LA SETTA DI YOUTUBE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 24 minutes 712,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgehNAHrrzA	LA VERITÀ DI FOLLETTINA CREATION PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 711,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztz1uf3Gx6I	LA VERITÀ DI FOLLETTINA CREATION PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,321,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU3mq10dzgg	PROVO LA MASCHERA CON AGHI *DOLOROSA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,392,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAlBEmCG_k0	PROVO IL RITUALE DEL LIBRO ROSSO ALLE 3 DI NOTTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 948,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADj2b2OjPNo	DIETRO DI TE - CHAT HORROR SCONVOLGENTE  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 321,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL-bf0JataM	NON DISTRUGGERE QUELL'UOVO CHALLENGE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 913,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqlhdwaTGro	HO RIFIUTATO UN DOCUMENTARIO SULLA MIA VITA (E ANCHE UN REALITY) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 237,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maUH_qadrAg	PREPARO LA TORTA TAVOLA OUIJA *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 491,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U74zepyVu_M	LA LLORONA: IL DEMONE CHE PIANGE *AVVISTAMENTI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 390,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISSCB6-EMmM	NON PROVATE IL RITUALE DEL LIBRO ROSSO *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 1,110,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l84MAbUg43I	HO PAGATO ESTRANEI PER PHOTOSHOPPARMI Più FIGO *DISASTRO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 811,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR9qzH-FF0U	TEORIE DEL COMPLOTTO 2019: ZEPETO, ARIANA GRANDE e COCA COLA *INCREDIBILI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 632,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBineBr0saY	PATTO CON IL DIAVOLO: CHAT HORROR SCONVOLGENTE *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 519,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kpk4GVKt03c	MANGIO CIBO IKEA PER 24H *FINITO MALISSIMO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 956,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laxcjkCYmks	IL MIO COMPLEANNO DA 70,000 € | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 18 seconds 432,229 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4VlFbsaETw	PROVO LA LIPOSUZIONE CHIMICA *ADDIO DOPPIOMENTO?!* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 501,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gpw8Lw3opOk	IL MIO STALKER MI HA SEGUITO A LONDRA?! + FOTO E VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 363,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU-vDwz9G34	FINGO DI MORIRE DAVANTI AL MIO CANE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 1,208,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkNMmxNqz_0	HO SEGUITO UNA PERSONA NEL BOSCO *ASSURDO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 464,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K12sOcIKo2w	I CANALI PIÙ SPAVENTOSI DI YOUTUBE *MISTERI INSPIEGABILI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 522,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9NheDs8fDs	IL MIO PROVINO PER IL COLLEGIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 396,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQfYAhC6NNg	SCOPRO LE MIE VITE PRECEDENTI CON L'IPNOSI *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 56 seconds 1,046,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehe1aBP7PJA	GELATO VS REAL *PROVIAMO GLI SNACK VERSIONE GELATO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 808,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9fRIEexmTU	PROVO I PRODOTTI CHE NON HO VOLUTO PUBBLICIZZARE *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 20 minutes 1,353,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wffCj-0BaOs	SHOPPING BENDATO DA BALENCIAGA *COSTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 978,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zp4--cLTPnc	NON PROVATE QUESTI ESPERIMENTI! *RISCHIOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 420,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmR4KH-W0qY	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA CON MIA SORELLA *DEMONE ZOZO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 1,225,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1Hei2UurDQ	PROVO LO SMALTO PER I DENTI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 703,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thWpirR0zJo	IL MIO STALKER MI HA SEGUITO IN SPAGNA + FOTO E VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 768,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAcMpARzaBM	MIA SORELLA HA PERSO L'AEREO! *DRAMA vlog A MADRID* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 1,035,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvXV_bu6MjQ	ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI CON LUCA E KATY | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 607,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odKZuAriSaw	SHOPPING BENDATO DA GUCCI *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 17 seconds 1,702,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WZfILPSLhg	PROVO LA MASCHERA CHE SI ATTIVA CON UNA APP | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 439,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79uoKhTJOvM	CERCO IL MIO NOME SU INSEGRETO PT.2 *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 356,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEGKxztwyoA	INCONTRO UN ESORCISTA *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 20 minutes 758,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI5aNFMUi4Y	SOTTACETI CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE *CHI VINCE IPHONE XS MAX?* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 719,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OlxoEVvzus	INCINTA PER 24H | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,392,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeoCqOWf_4M	MI VUOI SPOSARE? *FINALE INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 604,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBjoCxyv7fI	CREME AL CIOCCOLATO CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 909,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73-e4S9Ru68	MI TRASFORMO IN 4 ORE (LA MIA FALSA IDENTITÀ) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 501,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQui9c6CxBQ	L'ARTE MEDIANICA *INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 161,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jR1SNLhjP8	ENTRO NEL CIMITERO DI PARIGI CON I CACCIATORI DI FANTASMI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 18 minutes 473,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4SFqpcqqTw	HO DISTRUTTO L'AUTO DI MIA SORELLA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 515,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5MqqiAAVR8	LA POESIA DEL DIAVOLO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 298,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxdS5NPSkqg	HAI MAI... IMBARAZZANTE CON LE MIE SORELLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 1,697,678 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnBPxXSI1hI	LOUDON: IL CONVENTO POSSEDUTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 417,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv-wg8alyGA	RIVELO I MIEI SEGRETI PIÚ INTIMI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 431,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx2nVAlUp_c	PROVO APPLICAZIONI CHE PREDICONO IL FUTURO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 264,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6tQbHyVKn0	PROVO IL CALENDARIO DELL'AVVENTO DI CIBI AMERICANI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 43 seconds 447,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlHxEk4YQMg	FUGA DALLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 970,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_EK5na0oPA	RAPITI DALLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 1,008,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIVbcLifauI	LA VENDETTA DELLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 1,441,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF39xgpb3A0	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA IN UN CASTELLO CLONATO *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 15 minutes 566,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLh4Wg1ztAQ	CON I CACCIATORI DI FANTASMI IN UN CASTELLO CLONATO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 248,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sB5W2GICXw	INTERVISTA DOPPIA: CACCIATORE DI FANTASMI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 191,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSWNqqAs-8w	NATALE PAZZESCO (Prod. Becko) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 3 minutes 862,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSreZtq9dAk	OMOGENEIZZATI CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 704,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmOVCW15xG0	FANTASMI RIPRESI IN VIDEO: INSPIEGABILE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 287,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEKk_SVaBn0	EX MIGLIORE AMICA MI LEGGE LA MENTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes 882,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-veY6CbsixU	PROVO LA MASCHERA DA DIPINGERE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 659,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lP8gg7_i8c	MCDONALD'S CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 34 seconds 2,441,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCuKenWptrU	ENTRO NELL'OSPEDALE DELLE BAMBOLE *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 632,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzHsqqdBUj4	LA MIA ASSURDA MORNING ROUTINE *TRASH* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 411,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JqzuXJ0JIw	CERCO IL MIO NOME SU INSEGRETO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 535,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mLwre7IFlU	HO FATTO PIANGERE UN COMMESSO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 758,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-K_bQm8uVk	PROVO DOLCI ASSURDI DI TIGER *TRASH* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 736,308 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6jalMpzlRM	SHOPPING BENDATO SU APPLE STORE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 1,619,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3jbO-FNHXE	APRO UNA SCATOLA DAL DARK WEB *SPAVENTOSO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 1,275,860 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCAAPk0Kuv0	PROVO SNACK ASSURDI DI TIGER CON EX MIGLIORE AMICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 630,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIibT-LMUjc	MIA CUGINA TREDICENNE FA SHOPPING PER ME *1000 €* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 772,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUbDJIR6Gug	SUSHI CHALLENGE CON LE MIE SORELLE *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 2,427,646 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQIqXAu_KHU	LA MIA FACCIA AL MICROSCOPIO (PRIMA E DOPO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 754,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7dNIhA5HzU	HALLOWEEN: LA FESTA DEL PARANORMALE?! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 247,724 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R2hEdENTfg	PROVO COSTUMI DI HALLOWEEN OSCENI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 241,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1OSyW2CA6A	BARDI: IL CASTELLO PIÙ INFESTATO D’ITALIA (TUTTI GLI AVVISTAMENTI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 266,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZbo80nA2eQ	L'ESPERIENZA PARANORMALE CHE NON VI HO MAI RACCONTATO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 364,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-D_FOCfxig	do not try the ouija board in a cursed castle by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 1,141,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2zj9LcCoIA	MI TRASFERISCO IN UN CASTELLO MALEDETTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 405,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQzJlL3_rZw	OUIJA: LA SETTA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 867,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4AiQabvUjs	OUIJA: I MEET A SENSITIVE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 982,936 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1uE01CSOes	OUIJA: UNA FOTO FANTASMA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 1 year ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 739,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1lQChdG7ts	OUIJA: I RETURN TO THE ACCURSED HOUSE by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 41 seconds 817,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftl606m-5go	HO ADOTTATO UNA GALLINA *FINITO MALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 571,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re8JR9v9a1U	SEGUO I TUTORIAL DI MUSICALLY/TIK TOK | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 996,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJRwz4_bqWw	I TERRIBILI MISTERI DI AMYTIVILLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 550,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AuyEeg7bRE	CREO LA MASCHERA NUTELLA E ORO 24K | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 557,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_to_-ffzxgw	I FACE MY FIRST GIRLFRIEND | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 17 minutes 1,172,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab4PFXMzbXY	ESPERIENZA CON THE NUN: LA VOCAZIONE DEL MALE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 615,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn75KuUNxDQ	PROVO 24H DI CIBO PER MILITARI ITALIANI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 655,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhMExR8wo-I	HO COMPRATO UN DEMONE *DYBBUCK BOX* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 895,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B44OdsX7sC8	RISSA AL CONCERTO DI BRITNEY *DRAMA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 512,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxd6Tql14X4	NON PROVATE LA MOMO CHALLENGE *SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 290,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9jTgwlbstg	PROVO IL CIBO DEI MILITARI AMERICANI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 1,073,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQSCpF8qcks	IL MIO VICINO È UN KILLER: MUKBANG SUSHI *DRAMA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 54 seconds 1,659,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lAY927BmTM	LA POSSESSIONE DI DORIS BITHER  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 276,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEd16DizhR8	MIA SORELLA PROVA LA MIA VITA PER UN GIORNO *DRAMA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,067,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1Sx4--4HSE	TRASFORMO MIA SORELLA IN ME | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 794,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9X0ZCIiN2M	LA TERRA È PIATTA? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 543,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZf_6BMgCko	VERI CACCIATORI DI DEMONI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 334,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYQFpA3IOa0	PROVO I CIBI PIÙ PICCANTI DI SEMPRE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 474,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8XRrZgt6B0	DRAMA STAR (Prod. Becko) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 1,870,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDLRw8TndS0	CON I CACCIATORI DI FANTASMI IN UN MANICOMIO MALEDETTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 619,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ftr-dmYR0nQ	5€ VS 500€ MYSTERY BOX | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 1,251,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_BRPzaDjhs	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA SOTT'ACQUA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 1,023,818 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdsGWYnxV5w	MACCHINA DELLA VERITà CON EX MIGLIORE AMICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 1,315,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sdf3f1vXgW8	UNA RISSA MI HA MANDATO IN SALA OPERATORIA  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 801,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-si_KuUe_So	REGALO UN AUTO A MIA SORELLA SEGRETA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 1,259,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwqeMHNvl3o	AFFRONTO MIA SORELLA SEGRETA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 1,045,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A50fF5MTIHA	MOMO WHATSAPP: NON CHIAMATE QUESTO NUMERO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 1,732,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFK5esXb45M	A CACCIA DI FANTASMI NELLA VILLA MALEDETTA  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,082,665 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7MWaM8OBD8	L’ESORCISMO DI ANNELIESE: I DOCUMENTI ORIGINALI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 885,322 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdSro8yq-2c	FACCIO SHOPPING BENDATO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,102,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_ySuabcwvw	PROVO UN WEEKEND DA 20,000 € | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 479,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcvVNvXo02o	QUANDO IL MIO LICEO È FINITO SU TUTTI I TELEGIORNALI *SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 647,047 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDUl3_M4ZIw	FACCIO UNA BARRETTA DI CIOCCOLATO GIGANTE *10 KG* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 909,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3NB9EMAK7w	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI KITKAT GIAPPONESI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 563,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsRbBx0y1-Q	I VIDEO PIÙ SPAVENTOSI DEL 2018 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 632,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUMKSRii37Q	I TRY USING OUIJA WITH TWO CURSE DOLLS | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 1,519,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAa3ByD9lOk	PROVO LA MASCHERA ALIENA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 404,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpXShfvDgS0	MALEDETTA PER 40 ANNI: IL MISTERO DI RHODA DERRY | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 703,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv74q_bx67c	CIBO GOMMOSO O CIBO VERO? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 637,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfpUgs6NAFc	LA LETTERA DEL DIAVOLO: TRADOTTA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 643,047 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MxAW73zpSI	NON DISTRUGGERE QUELLA SCATOLA CHALLENGE! *ADDIO IPHONE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 2,083,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK_dGbLwzm8	CUCINO UNA TORTA PER IL MIO CANE (FINITO MALE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 913,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbaAFiMvJ74	HO TELEFONATO UN FANTASMA + REGISTRAZIONE AUDIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 625,231 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6w90W5jpmE	PROVO LA SKINCARE VIRALE DI INSTAGRAM PER 7 GIORNI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 416,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OhWlWYjoIc	ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI CON MIO FIGLIO *RITUALE SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 1,404,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOCk5G0QTRg	GENITORI PER 24H *FINALE ANSIOGENO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,576,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPfVoB5iRt8	SONO PADRE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 959,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNUTe-4b1U4	NON PROVATE IL RITUALE DELLE 11 MIGLIA *SCONVOLGENTE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 2,738,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFQb95GqLxg	LE GEMELLE CHE RICORDAVANO LA LORO MORTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 1,360,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKVhEWhA4Kg	UNA PAZZA VOLEVA INVESTIRMI (HO DENUNCIATO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 992,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scCMhLbPMEo	PROVO LA MASCHERA IN PIZZO (CHE PUZZA) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 401,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Tm7fbhnhaQ	WOLVES (cover SELENA GOMEZ) OFFICIAL VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 3 minutes, 22 seconds 465,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWkcvvwR208	AFFRONTO LA MIA EX MIGLIORE AMICA *SHOCK* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,126,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GalvPzyrLaw	APRO UNA SCATOLA MALEDETTA (SENZA SAPERE IL CONTENUTO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 995,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd71RX3xHug	HO DORMITO CON UN FANTASMA (NUOVE ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 806,604 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi0LyRnKg4k	THE DEAD GIRL - CHAT HORROR OMG | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 935,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reABEKJMDSc	PROVO LA MASCHERA DI ALLUMINIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 532,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRyMkD2IaU4	PROVO SNACK ASSURDI GIAPPONESI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 729,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzCLJfAF_sI	THE DEMONIC DAUGHTER - HORROR DISTURBING CHAT | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 554,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmyeCH5sQ_U	RISSA AL CINEMA (SONO STATO BUTTATO FUORI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 39 seconds 900,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfuGH7r-KXw	GLI ESPERIMENTI PIù DIABOLICI DELLA STORIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 500,061 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_zgjFKYJKs	COMBINAZIONI DI CIBI ASSURDI FEAT. SCHERZI DI COPPIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 1,096,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-Evu_9gty0	MEETING WITH THE STALKER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 1,413,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGRgydg1x6E	APPUNTAMENTO CON LO STALKER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 1,292,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MasULLmItD4	PROVO IL LIFTING FAI DA TE (MASCHERA VISO OOZOO)  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 588,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plL7BTuPFFE	IL BAMBINO FANTASMA #DEARDAVID | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 608,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pEHQElHRu0	HO RISCHIATO L'ARRESTO (PER COLPA DEL MIO CANE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 833,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njkcUe5ODos	MESCOLO TUTTE LE MIE MASCHERE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 605,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZL0Y4Z5_hE	PROVO LA PASQUA AMERICANA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 491,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFgz-5FHyJ4	È TORNATO LO STALKER! (E SONO BIONDO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 904,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6hRHQirfQU	PROVO LA MASCHERA DI GOMMA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 908,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc-hhIaZElc	AEREO SCOMPARSO: SONO STATI GLI ALIENI? (RIVELAZIONI SHOCK)  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 17 seconds 572,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eawAqASckOI	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI OREO *OREO ALLA NUTELLA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 575,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5R1Ggca27o	L'AGGHIACCIANTE STORIA DELLE GEMELLE SILENZIOSE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 1,105,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzfYsEmXOFo	VISITO LA PARTE STRANA DI INSTAGRAM | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 918,958 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Fd0Apa6jTE	HO TROVATO UNA PLANCHETTE SOTTO TERRA (...E ADESSO?) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 443,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMo76FOczYg	COME HO PERSO 7 MILA € | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 241,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqzInqyF_Q4	PROVO LA FABBRICA MASCHERE *MASCHERA VISO CON COCACOLA*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 1,512,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvztwM28A4Q	PROVO LA CHIRURGIA PLASTICA FAI DA TE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 2,369,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFVHYlapOwU	OUIJA: AWAKENING PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 928,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUMg7QCJm6I	LA MOGLIE CANNIBALE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 1,157,666 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vgfl7UsdQow	IL MISTERO DI MADRINA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 315,982 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owXg1WZXDUI	OUIJA: IL RISVEGLIO PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 1,738,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4ybAfJL_-8	COME MOLESTARE GLI ANIMALI CON CALZINI DI GUCCI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 626,362 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQaw1Jtx0Dc	ENTRO IN UNA VASCA CON 100 BOMBE DA BAGNO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 415,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EsPr2C2JRY	PROVO LA MASCHERA GLITTER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 1,146,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NovZFw3T8xk	THE GHOST HUNTERS AT MY HOUSE (SURVEY) GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,399,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBUQN4mQIVw	INTERVISTA DOPPIA CON LA MIA DOLCE METÀ | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 453,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeKhmkHsjlo	VERI FANTASMI RIPRESI IN VIDEO: INSPIEGABILI! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 822,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAVryF02YCY	PROVO A CUCINARE DEI DOLCI (FINITO MALE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 653,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjrkznbs8ek	PROVO LA MASCHERA CHE BRUCIA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 869,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJJU-AIky-M	SCHIAVA DEL PADRE PER 24 ANNI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 1,542,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mLKqN1Roy8	UNO STALKER MI HA OFFERTO 180K € PER UN VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 304,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAq0YAj95fc	PROVO LA COLAZIONE AMERICANA (IL LATTE È ROSA!) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 785,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie2nxLBnEIU	IL DELITTO HELLO KITTY | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 697,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffYjFO0pMA0	PROVO LA MASCHERA MAGNETICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 1,105,105 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZtbs5Dt7og	SCOMMETTO CHE... NON FATE LA TAVOLA OUIJA con i THE FOOLS | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 1,156,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TToyX5Q26UM	ESPERIENZA CON I CACCIATORI DI FANTASMI ITALIANI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 430,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DErqr-C8HIQ	7 ANNI RINCHIUSA IN UNA SCATOLA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 1,025,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2s-BC0XOf0	TRUCCO MIA CUGINA DI 13 ANNI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 415,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyfRCoCv4yk	BAMBINI DAGLI OCCHI NERI: AVVISTAMENTI E MISTERI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 586,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozzlACkUWJo	NON FATE IL GIOCO DI MEZZANOTTE *MIDNIGHT GAME* (DI NUOVO!) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 48 seconds 1,289,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqtE8OhpQq4	WTF?! GRAY HAIR IN 3 MINS!? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 625,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkfEhXofids	COSA C’È NEL MIO IPHONE X... E COME L'HO AVUTO A 389 €! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 294,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SANV_ifSOY	HO MANGIATO DEGLI SCARAFAGGI (PENSAVO FOSSERO SEMI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 360,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3dSbhnbwhk	RIGUARDO IL MIO PRIMO VIDEO! *IMBARAZZANTE REACTION* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 638,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcfhLSJ9IAs	PROVO LE APPLICAZIONI PIù ASSURDE DI SEMPRE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 706,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6KGBeqgCiE	OUIJA: CHRISTMAS PT.2 *NATALE PARANORMALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 1,021,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iI4O0KsOaec	LETTERA APERTA A BABBO NATALE (OFFENSIVO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 231,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIug7UYoYyI	OUIJA: CHRISTMAS PT.1 *NATALE PARANORMALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 39 seconds 1,863,994 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsYRGsNkI-w	UN FAN è ENTRATO IN CASA MIA...ANCORA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 591,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcRyMlMaAi0	DOUBLE INTERVIEW:  VIRGIN MARY | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 2,061,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju9vhh5GPmY	LE SETTE SATANICHE Più SPAVENTOSE DI SEMPRE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 379,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URuwYbC4tZ8	VIOLETTO NATALE (OFFICIAL VIDEO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 3 minutes, 26 seconds 1,273,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf5cR5V_otw	NON FATE IL RITUALE DEI 3 RE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 15 minutes 1,094,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWY7VQ3v7rE	NON SCRIVERE “REGGISENO” SUL TUO IPHONE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 20 seconds 554,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma6Bm7SBEjA	SLENDER MAN: LA VERA STORIA + VIDEO PROVE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 1,275,817 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-nAv3uoyqM	73 DOMANDE CON GIANMARCO ZAGATO (PARODIA VOGUE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 633,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnZ-Qh0rDkA	UOMINI OMBRA: LA MIA ESPERIENZA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 318,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJ9hYkJD22Y	ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI DEI VIP! (ARIANA GRANDE,MILEY CYRUS ECC) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 543,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msZMZzQoGGs	METTO LE EXTENSIONS A MIA CUGINA (PERCHè SONO UN PARRUCCHIERE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 311,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dmzBw7T_a8	PANCAKE ART CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 477,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ffR7TvZPwc	MI UNISCO ALLA SETTA DEGLI ILLUMINATI! (HO FIRMATO IL CONTRATTO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 359,537 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXUbPgnqhuY	FACCIO LO SLIME CON LA NEVE! (CLOUD SLIME) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 599,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcNSBpnXSdk	500$ SURPRISE BOX *APPLE PRODUCTS*! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 1,706,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sokRshUkD4g	NON USATE LA TAVOLA OUIJA CON UNA BAMBOLA MALEDETTA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 58 seconds 2,445,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i68AtBDhEMI	GLI ZOMBIE ESISTONO! 10 PERSONE TORNATE IN VITA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 4 seconds 888,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJvV2Pm_QoQ	VENERDI 13: RINCHIUSI IN UN HOTEL PT.3 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 1,009,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSUyYn44cDY	VENERDì 13: RINCHIUSI IN UN HOTEL PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 25 seconds 1,245,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHxK0c17NSc	VENERDì 13: RINCHIUSI IN UN HOTEL PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 16 minutes 1,521,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsEJV67MpMg	ESPERIENZA PARANORMALE HALLOWEEN (AVEVO 13 ANNI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 409,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6HuYqltSSk	VI PRESENTO IL MIO SOSIA (SIAMO IDENTICI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 881,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFSqKuhpea8	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI HALLOWEEN | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 359,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=482IZXfJTCU	I 10 INCUBI PIÙ COMUNI E I LORO SIGNIFICATI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 411,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi3YHPNCwq4	IL NUMERO 088 888 888 E ALTRE MALEDIZIONI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 13 minutes, 57 seconds 572,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWx2B_0BmFI	SE FOSSI AL COLLEGIO *PARODIA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 2,019,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udWUk141R4I	NON FATE LO SLIME ALLE 3 DI NOTTE (PARANORMALE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 1,980,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHWPWAyuI_g	SKIFIDOL FLUFFY SQUISHY SLIME O PIEDE?! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 2 years ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 175,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMDt9hxn7Jw	QUESTA BAMBOLA È POSSEDUTA! *SI è MOSSA IN VIDEO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 920,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YI61IRVg4XY	HO FATTO ARRESTARE LA MIA VICINA DI CASA + FOTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,881,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwuXBoC5Vs0	CAMBIA COLORE!! PROVO LA PASTA MAGICA SKIFIDOL | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 285,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Zaegi265vg	FANTASMI IN DIRETTA TELEVISIVA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 806,606 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6P4pXgehtkA	PROVO LA FIDGETFLIP SHOKKYBANDZ CHALLENGE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 860,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnnHcS2LZX4	SONO PERSEGUITATO DA UN DEMONE?! *NUOVE ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 777,047 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01lFYe_AZus	REAGISCO AI MUSICAL.LY Più IMBARAZZANTI DEL WEB!  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 797,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSa40XapESg	UN VIDEOMESSAGGIO DAL MIO STALKER! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 22 seconds 462,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHy9V4yIYdU	ABSURD ADVENTURES IN GENEVA (VLOG) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 22 minutes 262,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9LLtz6gWEI	WTF?! PROVO LA MASCHERA ALLE ALGHE (DISGUSTOSA) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 330,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6xmGJj3pJA	IL GIOCO DELLO ST4LK3R DELLA B1BB1A PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 14 seconds 831,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3aA_vbI4rw	ENTRO IN UNA VASCA CON 30K ORBEEZ | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 970,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyfgLgG5d5c	IL GIOCO DELLO ST4LK3R DELLA B1BB1A PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,254,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZqAY0G0HLw	MIA SORELLA SFOGLIA IL MIO VECCHIO DIARIO BEYOU (IMBARAZZANTE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 17 minutes 1,370,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJBbIIu7ydU	WTF?! PROVO LA MASCHERA BOLLOSA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 963,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KslBF1ny8J4	TAGLIO GLI SQUISHY E QUALCUNO MI SPIA DALLA FINESTRA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 2,038,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxuRsr8X9r4	PROVO L'APPLICAZIONE PER TROVARE I FANTASMI (ASSURDO) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 793,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKB_ZNWixWE	TATUO MIA CUGINA DI 13 ANNI (FINISCE MALE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 1,138,424 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvoYmMi1aYk	KIDNAPPED BY UBER DRIVER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 741,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPNG8dGRiZQ	NON VISITATE IL DARK WEB (LA PARTE PEGGIORE DEL DEEP WEB) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 994,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh2SaGfw6dY	SONO RIMASTO NUDO DAVANTI A TUTTI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 400,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGVUabUHrLQ	MORNING ROUTINE *LUXURY EDITION* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 716,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mWGUvvnKF4	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA *FINALE INCREDIBILE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,238,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYL1hVwMtiQ	HO FATTO LICENZIARE UN PIZZAIOLO (HO RISCHIATO LA VITA) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 1,189,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFbhhyzbMvg	I TRY MUSICAL.LY (I CHALLENGE MY 13 YEARS OLD COUSIN ) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 1,506,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQp5uS0E1Eg	BAMBOLE POSSEDUTE RIPRESE MENTRE SI MUOVONO (INCREDIBILE) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 1,157,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXXzHPk4yho	CANTO CON LE CUFFIE INSONORIZZATE CHALLENGE ( SILENT PARTY DEI PORACCI) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 285,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLi1pISPkno	PROVO APPLICAZIONI PER PARLARE CON GLI ANIMALI DOMESTICI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 955,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zJAIoxibvQ	HO DATO UN PASSAGGIO AL MIO STALKER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 1,047,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-d-mPVeOr2I	HO FATTO LICENZIARE UNA COMMESSA (SE LO MERITAVA) | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 1,276,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr6nekzpJYM	PROVO CIBI ASSURDI con LILLY MERAVIGLIA, SNITECS, ERIKA KAWAII E MANTEX & MINA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 458,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCNvL6pXtIw	NON PROVATE LA CANDYMAN CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 984,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm3efbjRcCE	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DEI SIMPSON | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 392,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKShnWctxmM	VISITO LA PARTE STRANA DI YOUTUBE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 623,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MMy3D_as0Q	MI HANNO DENUNCIATO PER TRUFFA AL CONCERTO DI ARIANA GRANDE?!  *COLAZIONE CON ME* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 17 minutes 555,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9jGjr3U9y4	WTF! ELETTROSHOK ANTI BRUFOLI? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 338,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VJrnUUpvPI	OUIJA: LA STREGA...SONO UN DEMONE? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 652,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1RbctVabgE	MANGIO FLUFFY SLIME E CARAMELLE PICCANTI *QUESTO VIDEO è TRASH* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 29 seconds 736,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Y05CgoTJ9Y	L'ESAME DI MATURITà Più DISAGIATO DI SEMPRE: IL MIO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 17 minutes 625,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsGM1iAF2sw	OUIJA: WITCH Pt.3 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 1,891,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1krT6Mdh7E	OUIJA: THE WITCH PART 2 GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 1,306,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jADca2nU3Rk	BE ALRIGHT (cover ARIANA GRANDE) OFFICIAL VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 3 minutes, 37 seconds 1,097,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44IgsaAH6bA	OUIJA: LA STREGA PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,849,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IxYvJPKG20	TORTA PAZZA CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 698,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULjkDI98KHU	METEORITE CADE NEL NORD ITALIA: TEORIE SULLA FINE DEL MONDO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 429,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhADq3HOkd0	WTF?! NIENTE MULTA PER LO YOUTUBER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 258,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-pTWcCpKHg	i VIDEO PIù SPAVENTOSI DEL 2017 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 705,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hByoCrPFhRs	SKIFIDOL FLUFFY BEADS: LA MIA NUOVA OSSESSIONE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 356,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsJ_Q1rWavc	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI M&M'S | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 7 seconds 538,404 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C75sCpYSNFM	LA NOTTE Più ASSURDA DELLA MIA VITA: UOMO NUD0 CON LA TESTA DI CAVALLO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 493,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2SRMnGLL4w	FIDGET SPINNER CHALLENGE *Shokky Bandz* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 151,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cqrRix8yio	I TESTED THE BLUE WHALE CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 4,189,770 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aph2zq1my7M	DON'T DO THE MIDNIGHT GAME | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,444,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_A2Z1LwOgg	PROVO GUSTI ANCORA Più ASSURDI DI OREO! *GUSTO PRIMAVERA?!?* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 489,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U8VoLi_xRQ	LA CHAT PIÙ PAUROSA DI SEMPRE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 22 minutes 850,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMKLDYcjadA	IO E LA MIA OSSESSIONE: SKIFIDOL FLUFFY SLIME CON PERLE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 688,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55gT-awHDEc	ASSURDA ESPERIENZA PARANORMALE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 478,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5BPLleVLhQ	LA CHAT Più SCONVOLGENTE DI SEMPRE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 585,587 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0Vv__q5-b0	GLI ALIENI SONO TRA NOI: LE PROVE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 395,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ZQ592Inzk	RISKIA IL GUSTO: HO MANGIATO UNA MUTANDA SPORCA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 379,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd68vyLeUUA	ALL' INCONTRO CON I FAN C'ERA LO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 23 minutes 479,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiYVz1Lv1Nw	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI FANTA E COCA COLA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 659,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=carsf_j5e3I	THE SECRETS OF THE VOYNICH CODE *THE MOST MISTERIOUS BOOK IN WORLD'S * | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 19 minutes 366,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxc7ya-AfKU	LA MIA PRIMA VOLTA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 309,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weqWZE-UOSo	MY NEIGHBOR IS A GHOST *NEW PARANORMAL EXPERIENCES* GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 959,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTUUXWkc-gU	PROVO UN QUIZ SU ME STESSO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 513,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozB23hIy700	IL CODICE DELLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 2 seconds 1,094,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62uyBuqBMR4	WTF! CERETTA AL NASO? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 1,357,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drcFX6cpJws	IL CODICE DELLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 1,771,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRmfhUC40M	PROVA A NON CANTARE (o PROVA A CANTARE?) CHALLENGE *impossibile*   | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 823,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fekbd1nY3N8	PROVO LA MASCHERA DI DIAMANTI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 715,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Za01P7_S8p0	THE PRESENT OF THE BIBLE STALKER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 476,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b_nJPwphcQ	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI PRINGLES feat. MIA SORELLA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 1,592,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qr-8zIVRtkc	GLI ESORCISMI Più SPAVENTOSI DELLA STORIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 19 minutes 462,476 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1Zt0jPxAB0	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI DOLCI AMERICANI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 300,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xeivYQ-bpw	THE MOST SCARIEST WEBSITES *DON'T VISIT THEM* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 398,828 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHoWaCzurxc	SONO STATO ARRESTATO?! PROVO LA MACCHINA DELLA VERITà CHALLENGE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 644,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqQpRYWMknA	TUTTE LE MIE OPERAZIONI DI CHIRURGIA PLASTICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 19 minutes 1,027,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WCK_askKjs	CECIL HOTEL: ENTRI E NON ESCI PIÙ | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 343,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4udSiNrqKVQ	OUIJA: DENTRO L'INCUBO... E ADESSO? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 18 minutes 671,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSv0sfmg4DA	SONO STATO AVVELENATO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 689,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfn-2ZzgXhw	OUIJA: DENTRO L'INCUBO PT.3 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 1,588,154 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-dmmFfiM8A	I HAVE PROVED ABSURD TASTES OF HARRY POTTER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 583,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkE_fM0rcUk	OUIJA: DENTRO L'INCUBO PT.2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 1,068,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPRg3-yfByg	COSA HO RICEVUTO A SAN VALENTINO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 408,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMKK4h5FIkk	OUIJA: DENTRO L'INCUBO PT.1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 1,583,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJQTToeRCAM	WTF! L'ASPIRA PUNTI NERI?! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 1,324,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umWODxLXJXg	I 5 LUOGHI Più INFESTATI D'ITALIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 852,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2B5s1j-caw	HO TROVATO DEI FANTASMI NELLE MIE FOTO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 1,100,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lUkYuHpD4M	ASSURDO: OCCHIALI GRATIS PER TUTTI! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 101,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iSEnBwDv6Q	NON DISTINGUO LA DESTRA DALLA SINISTRA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 255,543 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caTkG25SLvo	PROVA A NON AVER PAURA CHALLENGE *2017* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 643,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYIluVTeGdQ	SONO STATO ATTACCATO DA UN FANTASMA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 676,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fqK5lAgQKA	PROVO GUSTI ASSURDI DI OREO! *TEST CIBI AMERICANI* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 17 minutes 889,193 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dSrnsHiLMc	WTF? MASCHERA 24K D'ORO?! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 876,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nv0lVDKZfs	MORTI PARANORMALI INSPIEGABILI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 20 minutes 386,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IDi2ymGOGE	PACCHI OSCENI IN LUOGO PUBBLICO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 178,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZopkdUrAI0	C'è UN FANTASMA NELLA MIA CASA DELLE VACANZE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 394,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ogr538Vels	IO PRIMA DELLA CHIRURGIA PLASTICA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 437,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmrNrvLz_Mk	DRAW MY LIFE *SPECIALE 100K* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 999,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpUsoIMo6h8	5 VIDEO PARANORMALI INCREDIBILI *FINALE ANSIOGENO* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 589,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yohh0zJMr5I	IL DISAGIO DEL NATALE PASSATO PRESENTE e FUTURO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 26 seconds 124,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGrMX4J59Bw	A VERY HORROR CHRISTMAS PT. 2 *NATALE PARANORMALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 53 seconds 1,326,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3i2Bkhe5HHo	A VERY HORROR CHRISTMAS PT. 1 *NATALE PARANORMALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 14 minutes, 43 seconds 1,486,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPrEaBjKm7g	SPECCHIO DELLE MIE BRAMEH *HO UN PROBLEMA*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 114,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiruyVxI0pA	IL CA*** CHE ME NE FREGA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 14 seconds 143,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ly1VNBK15pM	IO E LA MIA OSSESSIONE: MANGIO CARTA PER RILASSARMI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 411,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94JXg_J9oc4	FENOMENI PARANORMALI NEI MIEI VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 15 minutes 864,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wLVV4LGnyU	BABBO NATALE KILLER RIPRESO IN VIDEO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 496,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QiuB2MSvAM	PACCO OSCENO PER DIVENTARE SIRENE TRASH | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 329,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRjVO5UvTKw	APRO I VOSTRI SNAPCHAT! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 121,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_GPY4ykT9I	TAVOLA OUIJA: L'INCUBO PT.2 *INCREDIBILE ESPERIENZA PARANORMALE* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 1,419,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se7-aI0L4EY	L'INCIDENTE CHE MI HA quasi DISTRUTTO LA FACCIA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 414,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbF7XhXk8cs	TAVOLA OUIJA: L'INCUBO PT.1 *INCREDIBILE ESPERIENZA PARANORMALE *| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 1,658,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAtLMbV2KLM	UN PACCO OSCENO con SPAZZOLA PIASTRA (FUNZIONA?) e UN PANDA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 9 minutes, 14 seconds 526,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ac6jnEoiCw	DONALD TRUMP: I SIMPSON, NOSTRADAMUS e IL PROGETTO SEGRETO  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 291,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6sAtjSodWk	LE FOTO DEL MIO STALKER! HO RIUSATO LA TAVOLA OUIJA?!? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 484,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxNio5TgD0c	TRUCCHI PER DENTI BIANCHI IN 30 MINUTI A CASA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 227,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6h8OmDu0ns	FENOMENI PARANORMALI A DISNEYLAND!? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 865,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhuBLXZr6ug	TEORIE COMPLOTTISTICHE: THE MANDELA EFFECT, UFO e OMICIDI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 455,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9pFJL8NF2o	DEMONE SNAZARO - TUTORIAL MAKEUP HALLOWEEN | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 249,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KMkvmf5wCE	INQUIETANTI ESPERIENZE CON LA TAVOLA OUIJA: STORIE VERE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 526,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Glxq7xCrw-w	NON USATE LA TAVOLA OUIJA... AD HALLOWEEN! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 655,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK39V5ZRyNk	GIANMARCO MAKEUP! TRUCCO DA BATTONA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 16 minutes 237,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9g3p8yzGe4	POPIN' COOKIN' BLEAH! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 268,777 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p8Vyxb31r8	DISTRUGGI QUESTO DIARIO (GRANDE) *DIPINGO CON LA LINGUA* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 360,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSbpiKpGY7w	CLOWN DIABOLICI: AVVISTAMENTI DAGLI USA...ALL'ITALIA!? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 977,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNsHkojuJOQ	IL VOLTO DELLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA Pt. 2 *CORINZI 13:2* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 3 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 1,072,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJzW8W-f_9s	PROVA a NON AVER PAURA CHALLENGE *finale INCREDIBILE!* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 981,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuE88HFmRlc	IL VOLTO DELLO STALKER DELLA BIBBIA Pt. 1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 1,217,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLBBOYhDRR4	DELUSIONEH IPHONE 7 BLACK! BLEAH! UnBoxing | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 303,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWyeNQ5J5P8	FENOMENI PARANORMALI e altre COSE ASSURDE A NIZZA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 281,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjpDlYWwl40	La mia NUOVA AUTO! JAGUAR | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 385,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DK28hPXVSXE	Sono PERSEGUITATO DA UN FANTASMA! *nuove ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI!*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 19 minutes 349,900 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgCbubIh1qk	#ASKGIANMARCO LIVE! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato Streamed 4 years ago 35 minutes 47,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr2KlvnUoUk	Le INQUIETANTI MORTI di GARDALAND | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 848,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk61xPDTULw	VIDEO PARANORMALI TERRIFICANTI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 341,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uf_RwGz99Y	SE FOSSI UN HATER | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 141,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orxmEkTubW0	LASCIO il mio ROLEX per BENEFICENZA | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 56,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxP9ySIcTuk	TEORIE COMPLOTTISTICHE: POKEMON GO SNAPCHAT BEYONCè | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 11 minutes, 23 seconds 283,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8SUKNRrlSU	BLOODY MARY CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 1,196,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZe4rWqwmjY	SONO STATO TRUFFATO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 9 minutes, 34 seconds 141,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWPvDiKLSPw	SCHERZI TELEFONICI AGLI ISCRITTI #ICALLYOU! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 96,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM05ICOICWM	VIDEO PARANORMALI INSPIEGABILI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 502,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd0ynVr4W1Q	100 STRATI DI AUTOABBRONZANTE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 649,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24uGeUg6TqY	CRITICHE SOLDI e ADOZIONI #ASKGIANMARCO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 39,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzycsMT8Eo0	Lo STALKER della BIBBIA è TORNATO...? Tutta La Storia | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 377,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av5mXtIW_ic	CHARLIE CHARLIE CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 1,543,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-Z3RaGA8ko	Io ODIO POKEMON GO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 13 minutes, 12 seconds 52,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6rEgqGpf2g	MA CHE CAVOLO HO COMPRATO?!? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 188,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6rszLMfW5w	UN ISCRITTO HA SCOPERTO IL MIO NUMERO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 198,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUJs1JpEuSE	HO INVESTITO UNA PERSONA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 623,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvMPTNK0hjo	RISPONDO ALLE VOSTRE DOMANDE #ASKGIANMARCO| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 117,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqQnMMoBHO4	HO CHATTATO CON UN FANTASMA! *nuove ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI*  | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 893,458 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8vYgbWCBBk	Userò ancora la TAVOLA OUIJA?!? video CHIARIMENTI | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 40 seconds 396,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BybJy5zJtKs	MASCHERA con COLLA VINAVIL + CARBONE *FUNZIONA?!?* | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 50 seconds 414,191 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRrORvFq500	7 SEGRETI DI SNAPCHAT CHE NON CONOSCI! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 59,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3nrERGeYtY	What's On My iPhone 6? TAG| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 9 minutes, 41 seconds 85,817 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIcaVuMEPuw	I PREFERITI DEL MESE! Maggio 2016| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 13,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGaFpOu5tlY	This NOT CALL NUMBER 1666666666 PART 3 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 1,199,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SsyXQ20-m8	#ASKGIANMARCO: SINGLE? la TAVOLA OUIJA? SPORT ESTREMI?| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 101,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJthiYNNfAo	NON CHIAMATE questo NUMERO 1 666 666 666 PARTE 2 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 1,477,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC5tzpZ5Kr0	Il mio STALKER... è TORNATO!| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 3 minutes, 31 seconds 699,720 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1_SOQEoqUo	NON CHIAMATE questo numero 1 666 666 666 PARTE 1 | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 2,925,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mq8ALYpjslM	La CANZONE DEL MIO FUNERALE? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 122,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3m-42yKILI	INCREDIBILE ESPERIENZA con la TAVOLA OUIJA| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 1,971,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mly1Iv6BZts	CENA VLOG: NOVITà e ANCORA PRESENZE?| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 122,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_UXOCQmDM4	NON USATE LA TAVOLA OUIJA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 1,725,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8nTbyYCBkA	HO ABBANDONATO L'UNIVERSITÀ? | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 115,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dl2clJwpc90	ESPERIENZE PARANORMALI! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 375,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ5BTTRfBx8	mi hanno BUTTATO FUORI DA UN NEGOZIO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 14 seconds 190,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjAPMSmUPmU	PROVO LA TAVOLA OUIJA! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 5 minutes, 57 seconds 1,231,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1tGAztaufM	Le COSE STRANE che PENSAVO DA PICCOLO | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 88,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_1kNs1P6Ic	COME EDITO LE MIE FOTO!| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 36,568 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaP3lIw1guo	C'è un FANTASMA in CAMERA MIA!| GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 839,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yuCGYuTUZc	TRUCCHI PER PERDERE PESO! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 89,337 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENi1YFElnPU	MI TINGEREI I CAPELLI DI VERDE? WHISPER CHALLENGE | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 5 minutes, 41 seconds 132,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mFR7w_78QA	DENTI BIANCHISSIMI! Ecco come faccio | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 337,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WR5igI5300g	HO quasi UCCISO MIA SORELLA! |GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 3 minutes, 24 seconds 403,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJ_FvRqBQOU	EMOJI CHALLENGE con GIORGIA! | GIANMARCOZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 120,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqBAtg7eVzM	SURPRISE! my new CHANNELL! | GIANMARCO ZAGATO by Gianmarco Zagato 4 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 363,723 views
