https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lpV2McFlTw	TIK TOK NELLA VITA REALE - iPantellas w/Gianmarco Rottaro & Marta Losito by iPantellas 2 days ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 1,045,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sjYr6F7otI	TIPI DA SUPERMERCATO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 week ago 8 minutes, 33 seconds 1,821,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GViKhJogxaE	CARNIVORI üçî VS VEGANI ü•ë - BATTAGLIA EPICA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 weeks ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 2,218,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGfZJPeU5to	PALESTRA - RAGAZZI VS RAGAZZE üèãüèº - iPantellas w/Denis Dosio by iPantellas 3 weeks ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 3,148,366 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMxcYasDEys	SCUOLA - IERI VS OGGI - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 weeks ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 3,274,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE_pET9Rzcs	KARAOKE - LA PARODIA üé§(Boomdabash,Alessandra Amoroso) - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 months ago 3 minutes, 13 seconds 3,255,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_mGDgNHTR8	ESTATE : PALESTRATI VS FLACCIDI - iPantellas w/ Denis Dosio by iPantellas 2 months ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 4,438,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yWg136FhQo	TIPI DA GELATO üç¶- PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 months ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 2,981,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3rCDGO6xq4	MARE - NORD VS SUD - iPantellas w/xMurry & GiampyTek by iPantellas 2 months ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 2,544,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDA0L9RSrZU	TIPI DA PISCINA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 months ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 3,552,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag7-xxe_nDE	CHI SEI IN HOTEL? - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 months ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 2,118,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXc2YRCacc4	SE IL MIO PROF FOSSE IN VACANZA CON ME - iPantellas w/Himorta by iPantellas 2 months ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 2,260,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Hpy8owU7ac	NONNA - NORD VS SUD - iPantellas & Casa Surace by iPantellas 3 months ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 3,582,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YinBikygSn4	CHI SEI IN CUCINA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 months ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 2,206,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vimKT_o6ePY	ESTATE - IERI VS OGGI - iPantellas w/Himorta by iPantellas 3 months ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 4,114,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPXNwLG5u-8	EDUCATI VS MALEDUCATI üòà  - Le Differenze - iPantellas & Sespo by iPantellas 3 months ago 5 minutes, 57 seconds 3,758,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEzr_zmXGjs	ESAMI MEDIE VS MATURIT√Ä- iPantellas by iPantellas 3 months ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 1,399,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4R5FSXuKrU	TIPI DI RAGAZZE IN MACCHINA üöó - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 months ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 2,106,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP5g5og3eVA	LA FINE DELLA SCUOLA - VIDEO LEZIONI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 months ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 1,732,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMAef797dIE	FORTUNATI VS SFIGATI - iPantellas w/Roberryc by iPantellas 4 months ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 4,015,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8dPzHjzar4	VIDEO LEZIONI - NORD VS SUD w/Simone Paciello & Matty Il Biondo by iPantellas 4 months ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 3,015,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYWXk8jmKfE	CHI SEI DAL DENTISTA? - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 6 minutes, 55 seconds 4,524,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMCqYh4HlTo	TIPI DA PIZZA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 3,557,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RT08Nrct6bI	TIPI DA PARRUCCHIERE - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 7 minutes, 38 seconds 2,560,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BNM-agsdSk	MAMMA VS FIGLIO - ANNI 2000 VS OGGI - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 3,199,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQkF4iHkXt4	VIDEO LEZIONI - COME TROLLARE IL TUO PROF - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 3,176,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8205LoxdiKM	TIPI DA MCDONALD'S - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 3,976,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g16T6qjKVjE	ELEMENTARI VS SUPERIORI - VIDEO LEZIONI #5 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 months ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 3,593,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mECwEvdtSbw	COME RIMORCHIARE IN VIDEOCHIAMATA - iPantellas w/Jerry Cal√† by iPantellas 5 months ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 2,668,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY1KeZmsvDk	QUARANTENA - Prima vs Dopo - PARODIA FASE 2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 months ago 5 minutes, 1 second 1,955,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FIywsDXNUs	VIDEO LEZIONI - LA RIVINCITA DEL PROF - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 months ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 3,374,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usDgyr5OrN8	MASCHI VS FEMMINE IN BAGNO - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 months ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 3,816,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQIYQ4sRcDI	VIDEO CHIAMATE - TIPI DI AMICI - iPantellas & theShow by iPantellas 5 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 3,566,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn9I-oaSZ1E	L'INTERROGAZIONE con GIOVANNI STORTI - Speciale VIDEO LEZIONI - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 months ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 2,424,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2qQPDetk9M	VIDEO LEZIONI - STUDENTI VS PROF - iPantellas w/Favij by iPantellas 5 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 6,858,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOQ7MXFrrD8	Shiva - Auto Blu - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 months ago 2 minutes, 8 seconds 3,380,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ju3PInQPz4	SCUOLA - TIPI DA VIDEO LEZIONI - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 months ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 4,830,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKbfHy8tgN4	CONFERENZA STAMPA DI CONTE - FASE 2 *Parodia* - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 months ago 1 minute, 56 seconds 1,021,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx_U2Tm_cMc	2019 VS 2020 - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 months ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 2,656,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx4azQpy-rU	iPantellas feat Marley - Resto Qui üáÆüáπ (Official Video) by iPantellas 6 months ago 3 minutes, 11 seconds 4,242,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSWa5LeYzl8	RESTA A CASA CON ME - Cortometraggio - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 months ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 2,252,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shwwHB7r4w4	LE MAMME IN TUTTE LE LINGUE DEL MONDO üåç - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 months ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 3,672,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkcDN7WX8jo	TIPI DA INFLUENZA üò∑ *PARODIA* - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 months ago 6 minutes, 37 seconds 2,570,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUXKsWqsWpQ	YOUTUBE VS TIK TOK - LA SFIDA - iPantellas & Q4 by iPantellas 7 months ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 3,690,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uSSa7BhKzY	GLI EFFETTI DI SANREMO 2020 SU MIA NONNA - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 months ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 1,851,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8G963kwK9M	CORONAVIRUS - Quando inviti un cinese a cena - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 months ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 3,059,737 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-whMFP0dryg	SCHERZI DIVERTENTI DA FARE AI TUOI AMICI - iPantellas w/Aldo,Giovanni & Giacomo by iPantellas 8 months ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 3,397,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBGK6-dfOZY	DANCE MONKEY üáÆüáπ PARODIA ITALIANA - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 months ago 2 minutes, 36 seconds 3,958,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRgk2VvuzC8	TIPI DA SETTIMANA BIANCA - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 months ago 8 minutes, 41 seconds 3,268,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etpbHGQsqHM	TORNO POVERO A NATALE - Mini Film ITA - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 months ago 22 minutes 2,662,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6TQAosVgZc	COME TROVARE L'AMORE NEL 2020 - iPantellas w/Ludovica Pagani by iPantellas 9 months ago 51 seconds 1,780,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXwXkeE28eY	SITUAZIONI IMBARAZZANTI AL PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO - iPantellas /w Ludovica Pagani by iPantellas 9 months ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 3,319,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7Ej1NSkaTo	MI SONO INNAMORATO DI UNA MINORENNE - Mini Film ITA - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 months ago 17 minutes 4,299,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqqWIfbdowU	SE LA NONNA FOSSE IN CLASSE CON ME - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 5,127,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL8VGxHGjIE	SITUAZIONI IMBARAZZANTI IN ASCENSORE - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 months ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 7,413,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61uzQSm-nJU	BAMBINI VS ADULTI - Le differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 months ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 4,391,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujIJYdnW4aI	IL COLLEGIO 4 VS LA MIA SCUOLA - Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 months ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 3,416,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABsJCwLNUaA	BELLI VS BRUTTI - iPantellas w/Valespo & Denis Dosio by iPantellas 11 months ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 9,128,836 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjLQO_d4Y1s	HO TRADITO LA MIA RAGAZZA - iPantellas by iPantellas 11 months ago 6 minutes, 1 second 3,256,334 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iOnnRo1GSQ	IL COLLEGIO 4 - PARODIA PRIMA PUNTATA  - iPantellas by iPantellas 11 months ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 3,808,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7MAFxgfZ2U	MAMMA VS NONNA - BATTAGLIA EPICA - iPantellas by iPantellas 11 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 8,964,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJ0PFbMSixk	ANNI 40 VS OGGI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 2,802,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Xw-Xl5wdi8	ü•ï CAROTE ü•ï NELLA VITA REALE - PARODIA Nuela X Factor - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 4,618,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4osI_jzH0H4	QUANDO VAI AL RISTORANTE CON LA TUA FIDANZATA üò∞ - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 8 minutes, 26 seconds 4,484,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7e2oeCVcWA	TIPI DA NETFLIX - PARODIA CASA DI CARTA 4 - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 2,872,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awamNp0bQjY	MAMMA - ESTATE VS INVERNO - iPantellas & Tommy Cassi by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 5,165,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnIX5zbepAY	SCUOLA OGGI VS 2050 - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 5,481,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLusEVR_Vg8	PARODIA OSTIA LIDO J-AX - Tormentoni Estate 2019 - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes 4,144,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt5IoG4LgJc	PARODIA MAMBO SALENTINO BOOMDABASH - Tormentoni Estate 2019 - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 2 minutes, 53 seconds 5,552,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKN81hscnyo	VACANZE - SE TUTTO FOSSE AL CONTRARIO üèù - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 4,460,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaT5xMuPxTQ	PARODIA DOVE E QUANDO - Tormentoni Estate 2019 - iPantellas w/Benji & Fede by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 44 seconds 3,258,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDv94Fg9IdY	MASCHI VS FEMMINE AL MARE - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 7,500,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhbyHYhBZ9o	RICCHI VS POVERI AL MARE - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 5,163,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFr0lFGkFRE	ESTATE - NORD VS SUD w/xMurry & Ludovica Pagani by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 9,497,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNfjh71c63w	GLI EFFETTI DI DENIS DOSIO SULLA GENTE - Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 4,478,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VW-hwc7DqgE	iPantellas & Giuli - Italians on holiday (feat. Dj Matrix & Matt Joe) by iPantellas 1 year ago 2 minutes, 39 seconds 17,856,947 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul5YOaKV0tQ	MATURIT√Ä - Come passare gli ESAMI senza STUDIARE - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 8 minutes, 20 seconds 3,751,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PEHQIG8WFU	BABYSITTER PER UN GIORNO! - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 3,705,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXK2Dada2_Y	SE I BAMBINI COMANDASSERO IL MONDO - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 5,665,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOenDoEoZCY	TIPI DA DIETA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 4,639,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ersV6fTN-z8	COME DIVENTARE RICCHI - Trucchi Funzionanti 99,9% - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 5,936,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3CsjMBCL8Y	PARODIA AVENGERS ENDGAME(No Spoiler) -  iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 3,797,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbGjHRwZL9A	COME SPIARE UN TELEFONO - Trucchi Geniali - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 7,547,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diMpAba7J-Y	TIPI DI FIDANZATE - iPantellas & Kokeshi by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 8,780,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1bwa-jICpw	PARODIA CON CALMA - Daddy Yankee & Snow - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 2 minutes, 10 seconds 15,956,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJbh_UCfHWE	SUSHI üç£ - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes 5,275,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9xXu4ojuh8	SE IL MIO PROF FOSSE DIVERSO -  iPantellas & Amedeo Preziosi by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 8,828,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvBXXN9BNzA	RICCHI VS POVERI - iPantellas & Ludovica Pagani by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 12,427,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a-4OPCO-y8	QUANDO FAI UN'USCITA A 4 - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 4,664,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fdnVrbeFPM	IL COLLEGIO NELLA VITA REALE *PARODIA* - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 4,958,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSv_1j4pq6k	COME RIMORCHIARE IN PALESTRA - Metodi Infallibili 99,9% - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 37 seconds 11,873,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLQyIlIBFdc	PARODIA Mahmood - Soldi ü§ë - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 2 minutes, 19 seconds 15,569,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRME9Zsw-2U	BAMBINI - Ieri Vs Oggi w/Me Contro Te by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 15,959,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YQCsjhqNHk	COPPIE - Instagram VS Realt√† w/Sespo & Rosalba by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 6,127,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7ceESucmDo	Salmo - Il Cielo Nella Stanza *PARODIA* - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 3 minutes, 55 seconds 2,744,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1uV2fA2SIw	COME SCOPRIRE UN TRADIMENTO - Trucchi 99,9% Funzionanti - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 5,783,648 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IS3ZshOjL0k	SE INTERNET FOSSE REALE üò± - *Parodia* - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 15 seconds 3,898,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhmmD7O8ThU	INTERVISTA TRIPLA CON LA NONNA üî• - Speciale 4 Milioni Di Iscritti - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 1,900,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KU_ZftB2-Q	SE TUTTI FOSSERO SINCERI - Speciale Natale - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 1,679,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIWY1JHllxY	INVERNO - Bambini VS Adolescenti - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 25 seconds 4,807,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDcPURp_JNs	COME RIMORCHIARE A SCUOLA - 99,9% Possibile - iPantellas & Favij by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 5,794,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Hd4tgIX2YU	QUANDO LA NONNA TROVA FUMAGALLI *Parodia* - iPantellas & Amedeo Preziosi by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 4,219,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqZ2kjiFtSA	Fratelli Maggiori VS Fratelli Minori üòà  *PARODIA* iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 5 minutes, 51 seconds 8,931,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2Ju2oRt7n4	Fedez - Prima di ogni cosa *PARODIA* - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 4,029,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUYtrPpeQTI	SE LA MUSICA FOSSE REALE *Parodia* iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 8,042,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmwGSwEbUKE	IT CAPITOLO 2 - il Ritorno (PARODIA) by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 6,960,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5Mg8uIqKQg	YOUTUBE - 10 ANNI FA VS OGGI - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 4,433,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ld2DBL0hAhk	COME SALTARE LA SCUOLA SENZA ESSERE SCOPERTI *assurdo* - iPantellas by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 10,301,611 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3Tvy2Vorh8	COME TORNARE CON LA TUA EX  - iPantellas & Ludovica Pagani by iPantellas 1 year ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 7,660,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw5N1yIe-5k	AVERE UN CANE - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 3,239,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRQSjqZ_rBE	TIPI DI ITALIANI ALL'ESTERO - Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 52 seconds 5,731,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9IIWUnnky4	MASCHI VS FEMMINE IN MACCHINA üö¶ - Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 5 seconds 8,945,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIL4fhyX21E	ANNI 2000 VS OGGI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 8,183,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCS30-tgBps	SE I MIEI PROF FOSSERO BAMBINI *assurdo* - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 10,351,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Unx181Zva3A	SINGLE VS FIDANZATI AL MARE - Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 6,223,382 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA9Hc2wAADU	RAGAZZI VS RAGAZZE IN PISCINA - Con Ludovica Pagani - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 11,678,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrZvEe8QJ0I	GLI EFFETTI DI ROVAZZI SU MIA NONNA #3 - PARODIA Faccio Quello Che Voglio - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 4,465,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRmX2HrYH_k	TORMENTONI ESTATE - LA PARODIA EP 3 - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 7,423,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhCV1_DVdDw	COME RIMORCHIARE IN SPIAGGIA - 99,9% POSSIBILE - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 7 minutes 10,207,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suylQFbcRbU	VACANZE - CON MAMMA VS SENZA MAMMA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 7,773,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOV1xpi5wtQ	QUANDO SEI IN MACCHINA CON LA TUA RAGAZZA üò± - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 13,685,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HatrUNeGAjs	ESTATE - BAMBINI VS ADOLESCENTI üèñ - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 9,465,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XEI1Tpdv-0	VITA CON SMARTPHONE VS SENZA SMARTPHONE - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes 5,288,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48H6uSTbWwg	PARODIA MONDIALI 2018(Francia-Croazia 4-2) by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 49 seconds 2,315,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7ZyhdE6B84	TIPI DI STUDENTI AGLI ESAMI üò± - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 3,951,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFS0O4oCqTY	iPantellas & Giuli - Ma Anche No üí™üèª (Vs Dj Matrix & Matt Joe) by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 31,001,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99Z94UccNgY	TIPI DI RITARDATARI - Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 5,889,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEOzwzeU-ok	GLI EFFETTI DI INSTAGRAM SULLE PERSONE - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 2,521,704 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01X-elTn5No	IF MY GRANDMOTHER WAS YOUNG SIGNORINO - PARODY Mmh Ha Ha Ha - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 3,287,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ijiul78LXsk	SE MIA MAMMA FOSSE IN CLASSE CON ME - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 49 seconds 7,422,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlMUbuMX-ZY	GITA SCOLASTICA - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 45 seconds 9,166,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c69XOYngFXk	GLI EFFETTI DI FORTNITE SU MIA NONNA - PARODIA(Stagione 4) - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 3,947,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scTVtKh9YO0	SCUSE GENIALI PER NON USCIRE CON I TUOI AMICI - iPantellas feat. Frank Matano by iPantellas 2 years ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 3,796,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go_WImEfaC0	SE TUTTI FOSSERO SINCERI - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 3,848,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W82YgpV-WtQ	IO ODIO DAME TU COSITA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 12 seconds 9,190,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP2_LrmatIM	DEATH NOTE NELLA VITA REALE - Anime VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 2,563,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Umq7DZOrJS8	LA MAMMA CHE VORREI - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 8,212,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDcKDNMS3XQ	10 COSE CHE TI METTONO A DISAGIO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 4,365,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJcgfieoEl0	iPantellas - Mia Nonna(Official Video) by iPantellas 2 years ago 2 minutes, 52 seconds 6,471,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sbM54nj60w	10 TIPI DA BAGNO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 8,257,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spp7Xm9mRBo	COME LASCIARE SENZA FARSI ODIARE - Trucchi Funzionanti 99,8% - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 4,891,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpL-wXaBA10	PARODIA SFERA EBBASTA ROCKSTAR ALBUM(Cupido,Sciroppo,Ricchi per sempre ecc) - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 37 seconds 6,399,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVAAumnEsTc	SE MIA MADRE FOSSE NELLE SERIE TV - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 4,045,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1z0Ulj7kY	SOGNO VS REALTAÃÄ - LE DIFFERENZE - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 5 seconds 3,966,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l07Nvv5cG9U	COME COPIARE A SCUOLA SENZA ESSERE SCOPERTI - Trucchi Funzionanti 99,8% - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 12,173,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsFefEXIK9o	PARODIA CANZONI SANREMO 2018 - Ermal Meta & Fabrizio Moro VINCONO IL FESTIVAL - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 2,848,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHRzyHWC-1E	PAGA LA MOSSA - COME FREGARE I TUOI AMICI - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 11,912,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9puIELN5uI	GLI EFFETTI DI CARA ITALIA SU MIA NONNA - Parodia Ghali - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 57 seconds 2,788,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urHaqbdjm_4	iPantellas - Tisana (Official Video) by iPantellas 2 years ago 2 minutes, 54 seconds 11,398,481 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITRQ0fqhMQI	iPantellas - INTERVISTA DOPPIA by iPantellas 2 years ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 4,487,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=473rymWdfkc	REGALI DI NATALE - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 3,638,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pL2IY-e_Cw	GLI EFFETTI DI "BATTI LE MANI SCHIOCCA LE DITA" SU MIA NONNA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 3,573,000 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIMlWIRkMIM	PARODIA COEZ - La Musica Non C'√® - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 5 seconds 3,034,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yA8v0g92k-I	20 ANNI VS 30 ANNI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 6,543,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7R_iGXfuRU	SE LE SIGLE DEI CARTONI ANIMATI FOSSERO SCRITTE OGGI - iPantellas feat. Giorgio Vanni by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 57 seconds 2,980,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kD1mAu9zsRw	INTERVALLO - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 8,371,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwtl1DcZIkE	PASSATO VS PRESENTE VS FUTURO - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 6,039,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZK32HWWwk8	SE MIA MADRE FOSSE NEI FILM - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 10,440,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETwS40DLi1k	HOW TO BECOME FAMOUS ON MUSICAL.LY - iPantellas feat. Iris Ferrari by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 31 seconds 6,608,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghh8oPXs2cc	Life With Mom VS Without Mom - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 8,696,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-bdANiqjYU	INTERROGAZIONE - COSE DA NON FARE - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 9,790,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrZseZn3S7E	IT - PARODIA(Official Parody) - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 4 minutes, 15 seconds 10,795,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHT_sn6jY00	10 Cose Che SOLO Un ADOLESCENTE Pu√≤ Capire üò± - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 8,348,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6XG0N0Af8k	IO CI STO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 1,492,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlsG8rz9bvU	SE GLI ANIMALI FOSSERO PERSONE üòπ - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 2 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 4,010,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vUy_6QXAek	PANDINI - PARODIA LAMBORGHINI (Gu√® Pequeno Sfera Ebbasta) - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 3 minutes, 54 seconds 7,195,412 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVOyeQGn7z8	10 TIPI DI GENITORI - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 7,423,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tB3ZcqNA3M	SE TUTTO FOSSE AL CONTRARIO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 10,360,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUbd6f12mfI	iPantellas & Favij - RICOMINCIA LA SCUOLA - PARODIA BABY K - Voglio Ballare Con Te by iPantellas 3 years ago 3 minutes, 39 seconds 11,582,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbaIwsAPPHM	JACOPO VS DANIEL - CHALLENGE LEGGENDARIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 3,581,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmSRR3q9mNM	SCHOOL - EXPECTATION VS REALITY - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 7,069,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xdrqc9CUuUQ	10 STORIE ESILARANTI - INSTASTORIES COMPILATION - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 874,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0kgrZhg_rk	SUMMER HITS 2017 - THE PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 14,792,328 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_KJYy9gXW0	IL SEGRETO DI NONNA PANTELLAS - Una Vita Da Pantellas #6 - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 1,019,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfVrskkBotU	COSE DA NON FARE IN PISCINA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 7,809,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XSOG2fusjE	10 TIPI DA SPIAGGIA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 30 seconds 6,296,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLXGHxvl6z0	SEA - EXPECTATION VS REALITY - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 7,093,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Skr-FWJTlB8	THE FLOOR IS LAVA CHALLENGE ITA üáÆüáπ - Funny Compilation #thefloorislavachallenge by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 4,137,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WNzc66ap-g	10 SUMMERTIME PEOPLE-PARODY-iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 6,203,749 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzuWYq_9Jfc	SE L'ESTATE FOSSE UNA PERSONA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 4 seconds 5,027,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UH_gcB66bU	PARODIA SENZA PAGARE - J-Ax & Fedez - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 2 minutes, 58 seconds 5,532,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOwy5hbudNw	NONNA REGALA LE MUTANDE A BONOLIS - Una Vita Da Pantellas #5 - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 1,571,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dctFxA3bZ8c	VIAGGI MENTALI - COME SCONFIGGERE I TUOI NEMICI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 1,510,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QufMl6LMbpA	10 TYPES OF FIDGET SPINNER- PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 5,236,140 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjTOsllpSpw	JUVENTUS VS REAL MADRID 1-4 - FOOTBALL CHALLENGE CON FAVIJ - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 5,289,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EBlwTv_b0c	10 TYPES FROM SMARTPHONE - PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 11,277,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkP-DdeGqo0	GLI EFFETTI DI ROVAZZI SU MIA NONNA #2 - PARODIA Volare - iPantellas feat. Fabio Rovazzi by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 8,311,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz6Y7uG9Tk4	COME RIMORCHIARE OGNI RAGAZZA - 99,9% POSSIBILE - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 12,956,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN3r3tzqtTc	CAPIRE LE DONNE - COSA DICONO VS COSA FANNO - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 11 seconds 2,497,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZRcHKcr_6Y	PARODIA 13 REASONS WHY - No Spoiler - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 2,329,590 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jrGEWyrRu8	SE LA SCUOLA FOSSE SINCERA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 22 seconds 12,400,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bX9h2DB-YQQ	LE MAMME NEI DIALETTI ITALIANI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 6,055,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrhrQx_luOs	GLI EFFETTI DEI FILM SUGLI ANZIANI - PARODIA Guardiani Della Galassia - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 3,181,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvoLn2O08gI	REACTION ALLE VECCHIE FOTO IMBARAZZANTI CON FAVIJ - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 9 minutes, 35 seconds 4,978,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGYwnuo7GcU	TYPES OF PEOPLE ON INSTAGRAM STORIES - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 3,423,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gSYGJ7Z2ps	SE IL MIO CORPO PARLASSE - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 8,952,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZTGrA7OW_M	IPANTELLAS - FACCIO SCHIFO - Parodia Despacito by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 6,770,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEPYokG5NvM	POLICE (COPS) PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 10,302,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45uiHo0pJeg	COMPLEANNO - ASPETTATIVA VS REALT√Ä - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 7,349,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_s4WK0Psl4g	SE ADULTI E BAMBINI SI INVERTISSERO - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 8,782,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKkTSs0Zq9Y	10 TIPI DI AMICI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 53 seconds 6,430,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzoP0JBMNe4	SE I BIMBIMINKIA CONQUISTASSERO IL MONDO - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 3,801,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46XOuKjmX88	FARE LA DAB CON CAMERON DALLAS - Una Vita Da Pantellas #4 - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 924,442 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0tVok81_HI	MIA MAMMA VS MAMMA DEGLI ALTRI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 10,222,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_bQE246rqA	PARODIA CANZONI SANREMO 2017 - Francesco Gabbani VINCE il Festival - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 6,367,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEtPdqyZREA	GLI EFFETTI DI GHALI SU MIA NONNA - PARODIA ALBUM - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 8,097,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-V4yZdpPmmI	SE LE RELAZIONI FOSSERO AL CONTRARIO - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 5,254,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTRT-KOfUT4	IL SEGRETO DI ESMERALDA - Una Vita Da Pantellas #3 - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 6,462,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4STMCoSvYYw	LA SCUOLA CHE VORREI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 11,999,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9McoqUmj4vk	ESMERALDA ESCILE-The Truth About Italian YouTube-iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 9,390,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1A8D0UglSs	SE L'INVERNO FOSSE UNA PERSONA - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 12 seconds 4,248,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZEPJ8BCHG0	IPANTELLAS VS MATES - FOOTBALL CHALLENGE - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 4,854,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ6S5QPthpU	SE LE CANZONI DEGLI ANNI 90 FOSSERO SCRITTE OGGI #2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 57 seconds 5,596,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlWajunsVrI	GLI EFFETTI DI ROVAZZI SU MIA NONNA - PARODIA Tutto Molto Interessante - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 15,496,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tg3katwULxc	COME SUPERARE UN'INTERROGAZIONE - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 11,379,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm8f5ZGTmjM	FRASI DA NON DIRE #3 - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 12 seconds 2,602,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlgCHG6jYEg	SHOPPING - Aspettativa VS Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 4,569,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGj4UeoRQs0	SE I GENITORI FOSSERO COME I FIGLI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 5,584,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZNlmIH3AwI	PERSONE NORMALI VS ME - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 8 seconds 6,714,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5hdT_NchvI	SE INCONTRASSI UN ALIENO - Cosa Faresti? - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 2,845,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvuUCsDR2h0	SE LE DONNE RAGIONASSERO DA UOMINI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 6,047,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgDw9KwILVo	OGGI VS LA PRIMA VOLTA - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 6,650,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIINDzIbEog	REALTAÃÄ VS NONNA - Mini Video - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 5,145,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEnOqNCqOO0	COME TRADIRE SENZA ESSERE SCOPERTI - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 16,863,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7SD7o89C48	COME HACKERARE UN TELEFONO - Cortometraggio - iPantellas by iPantellas 3 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 3,333,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=100sZj5uj1o	IPANTELLAS IN TV - COMPILATION by iPantellas 3 years ago 9 minutes, 59 seconds 1,357,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLxzCtGpHU8	FIDANZARSI - Aspettativa vs Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 4,122,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkLw0Kv-5cc	10 TIPI DA INSTAGRAM - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 8 seconds 6,822,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_v0TFsCIt1o	COME SAR√Ä IL FUTURO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 6,376,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO2T7vGDlrs	LA VOGLIA DI STUDIARE - Parodia Andiamo A Comandare - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 8,654,044 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKEv8-VEVj4	ELEMENTARI VS SUPERIORI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 19,443,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sv7gTAyNhw	BASKET CHALLENGE - 48 ORE PER DIVENTARE MICHAEL JORDAN - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 1,499,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eS1ollBcew	TORMENTONI ESTATE - LA PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 9,550,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqFGDxpOdFk	COSA FAI PER 1 GIGA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 34 seconds 2,668,551 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUZPLCOdYvo	POKEMON GO - Prima vs Dopo - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 3,800,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLmn08mhBpk	10 COSE CHE FANNO INCAZZARE MIA MADRE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 9 minutes, 9 seconds 8,689,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdUAvfLF6k0	DELIRIO IN PISCINA - Una Vita Da Pantellas #2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 2,138,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_-u-N5Qzp4	VACANZE - AMICI VS FIDANZATA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 11,559,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jmpdeVc_Cs	SE GLI ANNI 2000 TORNASSERO OGGI - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 6,857,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa9QdcIFAK0	ESTATE - Aspettativa vs Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes 10,627,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UEoQRW8IxY	FRASI DA NON DIRE - Episodio 2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 4,389,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEEmWeNUt4Q	SE LE CANZONI DEGLI ANNI 90 FOSSERO SCRITTE OGGI - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes 7,013,170 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ickBs881kjE	SE LE MATERIE SCOLASTICHE FOSSERO PERSONE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 8,899,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31D0oFXEeiQ	UNA VITA DA PANTELLAS - Ep. 1 by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 4,494,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPXAYMytTO4	IO VS GLI ALTRI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 41 seconds 15,650,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT0j0UMGpa8	NORD VS SUD - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 9,809,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rkf9pqZPK9U	10 TIPI DA TATUAGGIO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 10,260,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNPIIv5O1bA	10 TIPI DA WHATSAPP - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 9,846,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeTcXvE3_b8	FIGLI UNICI VS FRATELLI E SORELLE - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 9,261,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-JnRZEp1bw	SIAMO DIVENTATI SUPERSTAR DEL WRESTLING - WWE Vlog LEGGENDARIO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 685,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APWkJxgyvEk	FRASI DA NON DIRE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 9,807,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvC3hfTKFx8	SE IL LUNED√å FOSSE UNA PERSONA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 5,607,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Segyx3yXRG4	BATMAN V SUPERMAN - OFFICIAL PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 23 seconds 2,717,542 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsPWBSgOf7E	ASPETTATIVA VS REALT√Ä - PUNTI DI VISTA #2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 12,069,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js6oRsF_zz4	AMICI VS MIGLIORI AMICI - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 7,710,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZIgzUPGv5w	SE IL TUO IPHONE FOSSE UNA PERSONA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 56 seconds 6,625,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr4bA79jm_8	PARODIA STAR WARS - Spade Laser Challenge - iPantellas & Favij by iPantellas 4 years ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 2,086,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgzUEdEV7OM	10 STEREOTIPI SUL PARCHEGGIO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 6,377,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqeNYYUF5k8	ESTATE VS INVERNO - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 12,217,222 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdSADF5f53M	PARODIA LORENZO FRAGOLA - INFINITE VOLTE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 1,254,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avpyIlq91Bc	LE NOSTRE RAGAZZE SI BACIANO? - #challengeinlove - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 4,402,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwpgyNxVCzw	10 STEREOTIPI SU SAN VALENTINO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes 4,767,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NksrQ2sUuBk	STUDENTS VS PROF - DIFFERENCES - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 14,921,133 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-wwEk_zOdM	SE FOSSI NEL MEDIOEVO - ONE OF US #4 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 860,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAYvZ5Q5P1M	PARODIA JUSTIN BIEBER SORRY - #SBATTI - iPantellas & Leonardo Decarli by iPantellas 4 years ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 3,790,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6RF1zz1r0U	SE FOSSI UN GIOCATORE DI FOOTBALL - ONE OF US #3 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 871,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTmEItqVtjE	SE FOSSI UN BIKER - ONE OF US #2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 1,435,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5GP7VGx6jg	PARODIA FEDEZ & MIKA BEAUTIFUL DISASTER(#ESCILEMINNE) - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 2,656,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t1Mrk5BGVo	SE FOSSI UNA DRAG QUEEN - ONE OF US #1 - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 1,128,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti35Yl4Cgi4	ANNI 90 VS 2016 - Le Differenze - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 9,604,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaqNpE_tFaQ	SOBRI VS UBRIACHI - ALCOOL RANGERS - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 5,408,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRMeNtD6zSY	VLOG EPICO A ROMA - TOY STORY & IL VIAGGIO DI ARLO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 302,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGPM4BHasms	SE LA STORIA FOSSE DIVERSA - LE DIFFERENZE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 4 minutes, 18 seconds 4,275,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWOCIstmoaU	EGG ROULETTE CHALLENGE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 882,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EB1GZiAN-zY	ITALIA VS USA - LE DIFFERENZE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 8,764,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=725uUtr6Bm8	10 COSE CHE ODIO DI MIA MADRE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 8,805,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujlGub2QELE	RISKIA IL GUSTO CHALLENGE ESTREMA - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 1,169,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkjmQnG8WZ0	QUANDO MANCA IL DECIMO - HORROR TRAILER - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 3,674,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj-u794LRZE	UOMINI VS DONNE - LE DIFFERENZE - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 49 seconds 10,568,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfcNr6PxXZo	PARODIA CARABINIERI - COSA FAI AL POSTO DI BLOCCO - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 18,360,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvQYDOro2ZU	VADO A VIVERE DA SOLO - Aspettative vs Realt√† - iPantellas by iPantellas 4 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 8,329,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2J0-X_u9eI	PROVINO PER X FACTOR - KARAOKE CHALLENGE - iPantellas VS ilvostrocaroDexter by iPantellas 4 years ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 843,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4DO9B71N3I	PARODIA JUSTIN BIEBER WHAT DO YOU MEAN - iPantellas & Leonardo Decarli by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 3,791,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dh4Pao2LT2I	PUNTI DI VISTA IN FAMIGLIA - Pap√† contro Mamma - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 38 seconds 14,671,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2X5yKEimhbs	10 TIPI DA SUSHI - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 34 seconds 9,138,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pqw7tDGOQp4	COSA C'√à NELLA TUA TESTA - Inside Out Nella Vita Reale - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 55 seconds 5,198,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlcft7n8wWs	PARODIA EL PERD√ìN - Nicky Jam Y Enrique Iglesias - iPantellas & Leonardo Decarli by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 9 seconds 5,239,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhXW7R-CJKo	MI PIACE LA ZUCCHINA - FAQ YOU TIME #3 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 9 minutes, 59 seconds 836,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLDRprm1O_o	IMITIAMO GLI YOUTUBERS - IMITATION CHALLENGE - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 3 minutes, 49 seconds 2,855,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84XF8ADPpU8	NOVELLA 2000 - Trailer Parodia - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 3,777,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D95psIuFgWU	GO-KART CHALLENGE EPICA - iPantellas vs TheShow by iPantellas 5 years ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 1,725,538 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCSkb8G3d78	COSA FAI IN ESTATE - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 16,416,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dflaUxd4SY	SINGLE VS FIDANZATI - LE DIFFERENZE - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 25 seconds 12,088,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xwBwCOCCCQ	MAMMA SATANA VS ILVOSTROCARODEXTER - SALA GIOCHI CHALLENGE #challengeinlove - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 5,604,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFfoe30992s	COME FARE 1 MILIONE DI VISITE - PARODIA YOUTUBE - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 6,647,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOYAXT5Vf6Q	SOFTAIR CHALLENGE - UN DOLORE ATROCE! - iPantellas vs Matt & Bise by iPantellas 5 years ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 5,312,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fr9TY1T24I	LA VITTORIA PI√ô EPICA DI SEMPRE! - MTV Awards 2015 VLOG - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 15 minutes 727,601 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQHMEEZTu0k	CHIAMACI IN DIRETTA #2 - iPantellas LIVE by iPantellas Streamed 5 years ago 1 hour, 26 minutes 233,577 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuWn8EEBKsM	MATURIT√Ä - PRIMA E DOPO - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 3,720,836 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mWmloKArZU	CHIAMACI IN DIRETTA - iPantellas LIVE by iPantellas Streamed 5 years ago 2 hours, 26 minutes 287,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUboqDLJCDE	JUVENTUS VS  BARCELLONA - FOOTBALL CHALLENGE (Juventus-Barcellona 1-3) - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 12 minutes, 55 seconds 8,790,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE8K8VW_FuI	IL PRIMO MATRIMONIO DI YOUTUBE ITALIA - MAMMA SATANA INTERROMPE LE NOZZE? - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 2,633,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQU5lPaK1Ow	COSA FAI IN AEREO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 9,751,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kRLP3GkO3U	INSULTI IN TUTTI I DIALETTI ITALIANI - #DialectChallenge - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 2,207,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbIxxDGoaSA	PUNTI DI VISTA - Aspettativa vs Realt√†(CENSORED) - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 10,578,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JT1I4Wu3wHY	PUNTI DI VISTA - UNCENSORED VERSION - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 1,939,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q24Az73AOQQ	SESSO E CLAMOROSE RIVELAZIONI - FAQ YOU TIME #2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 7 minutes, 31 seconds 1,985,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QDbjwl_pyI	COSA FAI AL CINEMA - PARODIA FILM HORROR - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 25 seconds 6,287,091 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU9qR-55CjY	COSA FAI PER VINCERE PT. 2 - PARODIA CALCETTO - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 3,686,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ijhrVlTl0	MAMMA SATANA VS MAMMA DANIEL - CHALLENGE 1 MILIONE DI ISCRITTI! - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 4,111,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx-n45NZpFE	COSA FAI PER VINCERE - PARODIA CALCETTO - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 4,636,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vjob6Q-eA0	PARODIA FEDEZ L'AMORE ETERNIT - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 1,859,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml8fbzzSFPQ	SUICIDIO SU ASKFM - Io Odio i Social Network PT 2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 24 seconds 2,796,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlT7-zZufyM	PARODIA ASK.FM - IO ODIO I SOCIAL NETWORK - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 4,672,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGfqD_u8bU8	GES√ö TORNA SULLA TERRA - CLAMOROSO - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 3 minutes, 36 seconds 1,101,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTII_lRoruA	COSA FAI QUANDO HAI CASA LIBERA - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 5,645,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=queFyyihI7s	IPANTELLAS - UGUAGLIANZA(Feat. Cixi) by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 1,548,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FjBmi6C48U	PARODIA WHATSAPP - IO ODIO I MESSAGGI VOCALI PT 2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 6,191,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mt0FNou64U0	PARODIA WHATSAPP - IO ODIO I MESSAGGI VOCALI PT1 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 3,845,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTvn6BpZYFQ	PARODIA PUBBLICIT√Å - Come Vendersi Su YouTube - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 8 seconds 1,532,954 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUAKY_XG4J0	PARODIA Il Volo - Grande Amore(Eurovision 2015) - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 4,233,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppAI6fcWKV0	LA PSICOTIPA - La Fidanzata Psicopatica - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 4,149,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhQe9AnWqlg	YOUTUBE NELLA VITA REALE - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 3,472,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVvQ9nTz7D0	SE I FILM FOSSERO SENZA EFFETTI SPECIALI - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 3,903,203 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nNElJjb9oA	MOMENTI DELIRANTI DEI PANTELLAS #1 - COMPILATION 2014 - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 753,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUsBZZ27-bc	COSA FAI A CAPODANNO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes 3,405,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hjq2GMp3j2U	LA STORIA D'AMORE PI√ô COMMOVENTE DI SEMPRE - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 11 seconds 963,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjlmbJKYpd4	COSA FAI DA UBRIACO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 3,395,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKJtbpVXbLE	PARODIA IPANTELLAS - Yotobi e iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 1,746,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfCPujiD3PA	COSA FAI IN UFFICIO - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 8,792,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAmxtX9x0xo	PARODIA X FACTOR  - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 3,830,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn87emkoPDk	PARODIA FACEBOOK STARS - COME DIVENTARE FAMOSI SUI SOCIAL - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 47 seconds 1,883,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOWAFCjuTxg	PARODIA FEDEZ MAGNIFICO - Cesso Irrealistico - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 4,748,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lsSkuI_HYQ	SE GLI HORROR FOSSERO REALI - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 6,642,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0U2o5EyZuw	IL RISVOLTINO - TRAILER UFFICIALE ITALIANO - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 2,833,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g90eVPLhDZ8	COSA FAI PER RIMORCHIARE - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 7,386,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beBF9T2Uq04	ISIS - LA PRIMA ESECUZIONE(The First Execution) - iPantellas by iPantellas 5 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 4,055,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jgk4fLlkofg	SE I VIDEOGIOCHI FOSSERO REALI - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 9,367,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC1HjD3g-wM	MAMMA SATANA SU OMEGLE! - SPECIALE 700.000 ISCRITTI - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 15 minutes 974,773 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JC8lzscRZrE	PARODIA IPHONE 6 E APPLE WATCH - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 3,258,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doteIu4odgI	PARODIA FAVIJ - iPantellas feat.FavijTv by iPantellas 6 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 7,174,602 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Nor7UUbVX8	CINQUANTA SFUMATURE DI GRIGIO - PARODIA Trailer Italiano Ufficiale - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 3 minutes, 35 seconds 2,966,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD8BFOL68qE	PARODIA FRANCESCO SOLE - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 3,695,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLqoitdhPss	LA TUA PRIMA VOLTA - SEXY O DOLCE? - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 6 minutes, 52 seconds 9,716,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YODTFAtp3BY	PARODIA SHAKIRA LA LA LA - MONDIALI 2014 - Germania Campione Del Mondo - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 6,745,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j5XTSzRBUU	COSA FAI IN DISCOTECA  - PARODIA - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 4,359,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItArsQs9Q1o	MATURIT√Ä - COSA FAI PRIMA DELL'ESAME - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 11,361,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l9wwvnVH2s	CHE TIFOSO SEI? - MONDIALI 2014 - iPantellas feat. Nirkiop by iPantellas 6 years ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 6,022,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsjpJ1pUeKE	MONDIALI 2014 - PARODIA UFFICIALE - Germania Campione Del Mondo - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 4,499,151 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2KksdAXNXs	SE I CANI PARLASSERO - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 4,960,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGojwF5ql0k	COSA FAI IN MACCHINA - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 10,719,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sENQO04ZQsU	THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 - OFFICIAL PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 5,652,871 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Sjnupb6slY	POKEMON & CO. NELLA VITA REALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 4,990,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_n1rMaWU70	SE L'ITALIA FOSSE DIVERSA - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 3 minutes, 12 seconds 3,717,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rOCddwmti0	CAPITAN AMERICA - IL SOLDATO D'INVERNO - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 4,956,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YGXtIa9ReY	SE LA TV FOSSE REALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 1,600,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xEUCRIUWcw	FRIENDZONE - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 5 minutes, 45 seconds 1,817,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYnFElNHiHY	TIPI DA RISSA - CLAMOROSE REAZIONI - LA GIOVI VS SARA - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 2,983,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW7oZUNfBew	TUTTE LE NONNE... - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 7,637,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DibTinAiVlM	NATALE CON SATANA - Mia Madre √® Satana PUNTATA SPECIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 5,654,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_I7wqBlX6ms	SE GTA FOSSE REALE... - iPantellas by iPantellas 6 years ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 10,151,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vvSQzoSf8w	MATURITA' - THE END - Mia Madre √® Satana PUNTATA 12 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 5,116,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srsBQSlg6U4	CHI TROMBA CICCIO CESSA? (CENSORED) - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 10 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 5,497,912 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz8RvyfD0P8	MA COME CA**O GUIDI? - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 9 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 6,945,831 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir9nTIkqZLE	CHI HA DETTO NEGRO? - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 8 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 5,247,615 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FioRs7bgTAQ	RAP GESU' CRISTO - CLUB DOGO VS DIO & GES√ö - [God's Harlem Shake] - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 2,397,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fRQ06ugUV0	IO AMO GLI ONE DIRECTION - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 7 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 5,205,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNZjonN1ykM	AIUTO SONO GAY! - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 6 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 6 minutes, 55 seconds 4,415,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM1mneCFvpk	PAGELLE DI MERDA - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 5 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 6,167,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En8wY7iamnc	COME RIMORCHIARE A SAN VALENTINO - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 4 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 6 minutes, 41 seconds 6,396,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xZHYvWvWP8	CHI NON LAVORA NON TROMBA - Mia Madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 3 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 4,085,612 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DY4v7_JgfCY	OMICIDIO IN DIRETTA - Mia madre √® Satana - PUNTATA 2 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 4,004,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqs-AdAjt18	MIA MADRE √à SATANA - PUNTATA 1 - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 6,853,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Y9HZ1mrG4U	IO ODIO I BULLI - iPantellas by iPantellas 7 years ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 3,870,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T6MI8p69r8	POMP PINO ***OFFICIAL VIDEO*** - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 3,300,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUDT6CV2WwA	THE AMAZING SPIDERMAN - OFFICIAL PARODY - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 3,798,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBZd0TVoigI	MATURIT√Ä - COME SUPERARLA - iPantellas feat. Scuolazoo by iPantellas 8 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 2,199,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWgGVEoI30o	SIAMO CON LE PEZZE AL CULO - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 1,063,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CrA2ZOYvKU	SE TU FOSSI UN SUPEREROE - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 5,837,676 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOvnT2z3RZY	DRAGON BALL Z ***OFFICIAL PARODY*** - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 8,840,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTMRy6OLxRs	QUELLO CHE LE DONNE NON DICONO - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 2,468,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOCwaR4LZwE	LA BIBBIA NELL'ERA DI FACEBOOK - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 4,242,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPeGkc4I5hY	TWILIGHT & CO. NELLA VITA REALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 6 minutes 2,015,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tY_HB3jHyg	FUGA DA NETLOG - Pantellas Adventures #1 - iPantellas by iPantellas 8 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 834,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll5UcJf-nG0	RICOMINCIA LA SCUOLA - Alunni vs Insegnanti - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 8,999,112 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSAxxyYHS74	HARRY POTTER MUORE - CLAMOROSO - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 4,414,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRCo-CdXb84	MATURIT√Ä - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas feat. ScuolaZoo by iPantellas 9 years ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 2,118,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkvJNHNb32o	GES√ö & CO. AI TEMPI DI FACEBOOK - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 5 minutes, 24 seconds 3,320,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QeMI6mtFws	COME DIVENTARE IL PRESIDENTE - Tutorial Ufficiale - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 1,535,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRnwcx4Nyek	SE LE PUBBLICIT√Ä FOSSERO REALI... - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 4 minutes, 5 seconds 4,514,204 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpkHLzMNY4I	SE I TELEFILM FOSSERO REALI... - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 3,513,140 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6OeQty9PS4	SANREMO - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 946,652 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfnkyAIPFFg	TWILIGHT VS VAMPIRE DIARIES - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 984,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQWTwBbsEEo	CENSURACI STO BIP - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 1,155,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoZemdW7Mvg	LA GELMINI SI DROGA? - iPantellas & ScuolaZoo by iPantellas 9 years ago 3 minutes, 7 seconds 1,172,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPOZ6kNVQJk	GRANDE FRATELLO 14 - PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 3 minutes, 29 seconds 1,078,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Lhbh_wLno8	A TIZIANO PIACE IL FERRO - Pornografia & Moralismo - iPantellas by iPantellas 9 years ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 774,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nk0_7G2ef6U	IL MONDO DEGLI EMO PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 1,189,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2gBwBD42m4	JUSTIN BIEBER A X FACTOR CLAMOROSO - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 3 minutes, 5 seconds 1,269,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqAc5an0ltc	LEI MI STA DICENDO CHE...INIZIA LA SCUOLA? - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 3 minutes, 19 seconds 2,444,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKFcmSstfOs	FACEBOOK LA PARODIA UFFICIALE - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 1,233,190 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_Y2u2nlXAM	GEMMADELSUD ***SHOCK ***PARODIA UFFICIALE- Condividi su Facebok - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 1,110,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC9bH2dkSGE	iPantellas @ RAI 4 - Vite Reali - GRAZIE DI CUORE A TUTTI VOI ^^ by iPantellas 10 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 185,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBB8igW1N-Q	MIA NONNA AMA EDWARD CULLEN - ***PARODIA ECLIPSE*** - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 2 minutes, 38 seconds 889,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tazp3l2Zpg8	MERDA CATODICA - CONDIVIDI SU FACEBOOK - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 513,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOLGSajdAVQ	PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 5 TRAILER ITALIANO UFFICIALE by iPantellas 10 years ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 1,612,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytgEcfWhHaM	LA MUCCA TAMARRA - Vincitore GRANDE PANTELLAS - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 301,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mA2ReQ2UUO0	CHIEDICI OGNI COSA - Roberto Russo ci intervista,ora tocca a TE! - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 224,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iXQlYGHFss	IL GRANDE PANTELLAS -  Web Reality - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 36 seconds 774,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmX2m3tkvJU	iSFIGUZ TWILIGHT - L'Edward Cullen Italiano - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 875,010 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxyzwHK2DcA	HALLOWEEN TERRIFICANTE  - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 1,161,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t59Fi4EN8-g	IO ODIO MOCCIA - 3MSC & AMORE 14 - iPantellas by iPantellas 10 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 1,019,968 views
