https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTUe4xaVsC4	VITA DA COINQUILINI 🏠 by MARYNA 4 days ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 162,701 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPSebcey-hE	LE HIT DELL' ESTATE 2020 IN 3 MINUTI by MARYNA 1 month ago 3 minutes, 37 seconds 507,835 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlJHTKyt708	Maryna - Lontano Da Te (Official Video) by MARYNA 2 months ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 512,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbczHkMmbZY	Maryna - Lontano Da Te (Lyric Video) by MARYNA 2 months ago 2 minutes, 54 seconds 229,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqIO4OZA_38	🎶 LONTANO DA TE - LA MIA NUOVA CANZONE 🎶 by MARYNA 2 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 135,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFjIWiFIj1o	✈️🌍INDOVINALO CON LE EMOJI - BANDIERE, MONUMENTI, PAESI🗺️✈️ by MARYNA 3 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 144,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVhPiFx5J5o	😱 Ragazze ANSIOSE Vs SCIALLE 😉 by MARYNA 3 months ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 775,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agYunN1ZN3g	PROVO UN EVIDENZIATORE EYELINER E MOLTO ALTRO... 😏 by MARYNA 4 months ago 13 minutes 214,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mYMpTJ9NQ8	IL MIO PERCORSO SU YOUTUBE - RISPONDO ALLE VOSTRE DOMANDE by MARYNA 5 months ago 16 minutes 114,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sX-LgkjmBQ	MAMMA HO PERSO L'AEREO 📖✈️ by MARYNA 5 months ago 16 minutes 164,833 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8TuJ60aT6w	MI TRASFORMO IN REBEKA DI ÉLITE 😏 by MARYNA 5 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 212,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNyvxu1fThc	MY JEANS COLLECTION - PROVO I MIEI JEANS 👖 by MARYNA 5 months ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 210,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzCaFWmXr_0	MI RICOSTRUISCO LE UNGHIE DA SOLA *PANICO* 💅🏻 by MARYNA 6 months ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 473,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0b6mNm5Oto	TIPOLOGIE DI PROF DURANTE LE VIDEOLEZIONI 👩🏻‍🏫 by MARYNA 6 months ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 883,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2GEObBKIzM	TIPOLOGIE DI STUDENTI DURANTE LE VIDEOLEZIONI by MARYNA 6 months ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 968,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVsfVKpQO10	LA MIA COLLEZIONE DI BORSE 👜 by MARYNA 6 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 174,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYQDaMxRUrM	10 COSE DA FARE A CASA 🏠 by MARYNA 6 months ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 269,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujzuRRaS7FM	COME STO VIVENDO QUESTA SITUAZIONE by MARYNA 6 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 127,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h9sqBmtTx8	PROBLEMI DI CHI HA I CAPELLI RICCI 🦔 by MARYNA 7 months ago 5 minutes, 23 seconds 1,474,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3ILdzprWbQ	70 ANNI DI SANREMO IN 9 MINUTI 🎶 by MARYNA 8 months ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 1,370,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAHGe2HegMY	🛍️ HAUL "SALDI" 2020 - SHOPPING PAZZO 🛍️ by MARYNA 8 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 254,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44pUZ14DZSI	10 TIPOLOGIE DI PERSONE SU TIKTOK 2a Parte by MARYNA 8 months ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 601,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0ElmUXd7Qo	COSE CHE SOLO L' 1% DI NOI SA FARE by MARYNA 8 months ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 426,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F4rJahTfbw	Problemi di chi ha i CAPELLI LISCI 👩🏻 by MARYNA 8 months ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 1,513,967 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrVzI2iuBYo	10 TIPOLOGIE DI PERSONE SU TIKTOK by MARYNA 8 months ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 1,298,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC5c0tX6rYU	🎉CAPODANNO : FAMIGLIA vs AMICI 🎉 by MARYNA 9 months ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 789,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsaoX-xcE-0	🎅🏻🎶EVOLUZIONE DELLE CANZONI DI NATALE 🎶🎅🏻 by MARYNA 9 months ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 202,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_w4DlbqIXc	🇷🇺3 DAYS IN MOSCOW 🇷🇺 All you have to visit by MARYNA 9 months ago 8 minutes, 1 second 99,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZlkCJ0EWsM	🎄🙋🏻‍♀️ CHRISTMAS : SINGLE vs IN A RELATIONSHIP 👫🏻🎄 by MARYNA 9 months ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 531,997 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ephq7VRGvDQ	TOP SONGS FROM 2010 TO 2019 IN LESS THAN 2 MINUTES by MARYNA 9 months ago 1 minute, 39 seconds 247,738 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BA-9lzUgEM4	🎄FARE L' ALBERO ASPETTATIVA vs REALTA'🎄 by MARYNA 10 months ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 453,669 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LheEwZXp2Y	HOW I USED TO DO MY EYEBROWS vs NOW *embarassing* by MARYNA 10 months ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 167,318 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24eZvs6dP44	🤦🏻‍♀️🚽COSE STRANE CHE FACCIAMO IN BAGNO🚽 🤦🏻‍♀️ by MARYNA 10 months ago 3 minutes, 55 seconds 795,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QcxuksM1kU	❄️ LET IT GO (FROZEN) IN 10 LANGUAGES ❄️ MULTI-LANGUAGE VERSION 🌏 by MARYNA 10 months ago 3 minutes, 18 seconds 504,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sA8lwqk5uw	🍁 HAUL AUTUNNO INVERNO - TUTTI I NUOVI ACQUISTI ☔ by MARYNA 10 months ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 258,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xugU4WUAmGM	🇯🇵🍡PROVIAMO SNACK GIAPPONESI DISGUSTOSI🤮🇯🇵 by MARYNA 11 months ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 212,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ysbyvZOcUY	💄LE RAGAZZE QUANDO SI TRUCCANO : 10 TIPOLOGIE💄 by MARYNA 11 months ago 4 minutes, 28 seconds 1,217,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgIDeq0nocI	💁🏻‍♀️PELLE PERFETTA IN POCHI PASSAGGI 💁🏻‍♀️ by MARYNA 11 months ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 239,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5GzZ8m-4ng	🍣👩🏻‍🍳 UN GIORNO DA SUSHI WOMAN 👩🏻‍🍳🍣 by MARYNA 11 months ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 449,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rS7OQavN5E	🦇 ONCE UPON A DREAM - 6 SINGERS IMPRESSIONS 🦇 by MARYNA 11 months ago 2 minutes, 6 seconds 190,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2VPEVGPXZA	😏 SE LA PIGRIZIA FOSSE UNA PERSONA 😅 by MARYNA 11 months ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 500,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwY6DSPZTfI	👨🏻‍🍳🔥 CLIENTI DA INCUBO AL RISTORANTE 🔥👨🏻‍🍳 by MARYNA 11 months ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 1,155,955 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRFA_H7oL84	😱 PHRASES NOT TO BE TOLD ON THE FIRST APPOINTMENT 😱 by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 616,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKCKeon62Kc	LA DURA VERITÀ - RISPONDO AI VOSTRI PROBLEMI DI ♥️ by MARYNA 1 year ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 245,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODj0u6e_dr8	👍🏻 COINQUILINI TOP E FLOP 👎🏻 by MARYNA 1 year ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 344,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-n51HPTrK4	SE NETFLIX FOSSE UNA PERSONA 😏 by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 1,095,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq2c4JF_y9s	📖😱LEGGO LE DEDICHE SEGRETE DELLE MEDIE 🙊📖 by MARYNA 1 year ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 232,632 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daloiwIP9PE	MAKEUP E ACCONCIATURE PER LA SCUOLA #BackToSchool by MARYNA 1 year ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 489,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFlickCZnFo	OUTFIT PRIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA #BackToSchool by MARYNA 1 year ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 487,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzCKC6xaEwc	✈️ 🏖️LE RAGAZZE QUANDO FANNO LA VALIGIA ⛰️✈️ by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 1,684,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsMdiL53_B0	Maryna - Cumbia Love (OFFICIAL VIDEO) by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 5 seconds 2,022,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eIanKl3Hms	🦁 IL RE LEONE - 12 CANTANTI 🦁 by MARYNA 1 year ago 2 minutes, 19 seconds 575,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIJB-N7S2Iw	Maryna - Cumbia Love (Lyric Video) by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes 436,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VibDThnTpvM	Provo prodotti beauty STRANISSIMI 😱💆🏻 by MARYNA 1 year ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 315,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnE0rTJWl6U	🇹🇭🌶 PROVIAMO SNACK THAILANDESI *STRANI* 🤢🇹🇭 by MARYNA 1 year ago 19 minutes 423,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvGWF41T9GI	Le frasi della MATURITÀ 😱📚 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 571,327 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NxLj3zoiqU	🗣💬 The GUYS translator 💬🗣 ENG SUB by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 741,713 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq37y6EuOzg	📚🙅🏻 Excuses for NOT going to school 🙅🏻🛌🏻 *ENG SUB* by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 1,746,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79b0Oatnxdw	💇🏻MY HAIR STORY 👱🏻‍♀️ crew cut, dye, extension 😱🙅🏻 by MARYNA 1 year ago 16 minutes 823,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIErTKloOuI	🙆🏻 Types of cousins 🙅🏻‍♂️ by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 2,351,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ykk91OLqdxg	🧞‍♂️ALADDIN MEDLEY in 3 minutes🧞‍♂️ by MARYNA 1 year ago 2 minutes, 42 seconds 574,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJr8yn7AYRQ	🎤💃🏻GUESS IT WITH EMOJIS 2 - SINGERS, SONGS, BANDS 🎶👩🏻‍🎤 by MARYNA 1 year ago 16 minutes 478,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=808k4tMSVLY	🗣💬CHILDREN'S TRANSLATOR 💬🗣 by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 51 seconds 1,274,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-rNut0A7BA	🏠 HOME ALONE - 15 TYPES OF GIRLS 🏠 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 1,984,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e75NgIs6sE	💇🏻 FRINGE : EXPECTATION vs REALITY 😡 by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 1,878,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cjj7Bzam0Fk	🗣💬 IL TRADUTTORE DELLE MAMME 💬🗣 by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 47 seconds 821,098 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXHogG0mCTU	👁 PARODIA #GF16 - PRIMA PUNTATA 👁 by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes, 51 seconds 282,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ff2o0nCcLyM	🚫📲WHATSAPP NELLA VITA REALE 📲🚫 - 2 PARTE by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes 855,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSJDNjEb4Ds	👯 RAGAZZE SINGLE : 10 TIPOLOGIE 👯 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 1,777,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zvD8d9jPw8	💘😍 CRUSH - LE ALTRE vs IO 😱💘 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 1,214,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isRasQae674	🙋🏻VIVERE DA SOLI vs VIVERE CON MAMMA 👱🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️ by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 1,649,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoMDwmPxUkQ	😎 LA MIA COLLEZIONE DI OCCHIALI 😎 by MARYNA 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 486,456 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wphVu2zwcx4	BE 18 YEARS OLD : EXPECATION VS REALITY by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 1,049,795 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ABXwXsEEBI	😂🚶🏻MODI DI CAMMINARE🚶🏻‍♀️🤔 by MARYNA 1 year ago 2 minutes, 50 seconds 1,191,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmuENa4pb88	🎬👩🏻‍🎤INDOVINALO CON LE EMOJI - FILM, CANZONI, SERIE TV, VIP 👱🏻🎩 by MARYNA 1 year ago 18 minutes 863,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0EeZWe-wH4	✅📲 WHATSAPP NELLA VITA REALE📲 ✅ by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 1,377,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-df6-78-Io	SONO STATA ADOTTATA? SONO SPAGNOLA? SONO RIFATTA? - RISPONDO A CIÒ CHE PENSATE DI SAPERE SU DI ME by MARYNA 1 year ago 14 minutes, 47 seconds 371,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geasi3HMl5c	🤬 QUELLO CHE PENSI vs QUELLO CHE DICI 😁 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 1,228,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xb796GrOlU	🙅🏻15 TIPOLOGIE DI EX 🤬 by MARYNA 1 year ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 1,314,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGEhb2aU31Y	❤️💑LE RAGAZZE A SAN VALENTINO🙅🏻💔 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 1,079,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIczPTQNPic	VI DEVO DIRE UNA COSA IMPORTANTE by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 290,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmx4PDxwQao	👭COSE CHE DICONO LE MIGLIORI AMICHE 👭 by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 8 seconds 809,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXNUht5VM7s	👴🏻Grandparents' sentences👵🏻 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes 567,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE1xf7V9b3Y	🛍 HAUL SALDI - SVENDITA SEGRETA + MIAMI 🛍 by MARYNA 1 year ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 212,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0V-DPhRmQv0	TEACHERS' SENTENCES - PART 2 😡📚 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 50 seconds 1,051,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYhFq5CkWC8	😩MIA MAMMA VS LA MAMMA DEGLI ALTRI 😍 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 2,680,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ES8EhVBEN3c	😅👍🏻 HAI MAI (SUPER IMBARAZZANTE)👎🏻🙈 by MARYNA 1 year ago 16 minutes 1,005,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uhYLVDqYdI	😱💔 WHEN YOUR BEST FRIEND GETS ENGAGED 💔😱 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 2,193,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GactCWgFuho	💁🏻 GIRLS AND TV SERIES: 10 TYPES 📺 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 29 seconds 913,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBfLzkl5RTA	🎉😏5 OUTFIT PER CAPODANNO 😏🎉 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 51 seconds 309,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQzLJW441w8	🎉RAGAZZE A CAPODANNO : 20 TIPOLOGIE 🎉 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 1,086,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnJX3CALG0M	💄 MAKEUP PER LE FESTE 💄 by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 58 seconds 125,457 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppehSVpxt6Q	😱🎁 10 TIPI DI REGALI DI NATALE 🎁😱 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 1,968,797 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gdRm6Ursd8	🎄👩🏻‍🍳 LE MAMME A NATALE 🤶🏻🎄 by MARYNA 1 year ago 3 minutes, 48 seconds 1,379,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i7H9GwRJpg	👗4 OUTFIT NATALIZI👗 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 326,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDbU0mv8ZnU	🎄🎁 TIPICHE FRASI DI NATALE 🎁🎄 by MARYNA 1 year ago 2 minutes, 19 seconds 518,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCQ88FG2jTA	🎄👧🏻 NATALE PRIMA vs ORA 👩🏻‍🎄 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 36 seconds 2,871,714 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhqA4BGlLtE	🎄🎅🏻 FACCIAMO L’ALBERO INSIEME 🎅🏻🎄 by MARYNA 1 year ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 219,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fCtxum338U	💁🏻10 TIPOLOGIE DI AMICHE 😱 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 1,183,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgqFxzDMbp0	👩🏻‍🎨🎨 DIPINGO UN QUADRO BENDATA🎨👩🏻‍🎨 by MARYNA 1 year ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 208,572 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGk2yHj96M8	👩🏻‍🏫🤬 LE FRASI DEI PROF 😱📚 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 1,033,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEiVm8DlhJM	👱🏻‍♀️MAMMA vs NONNA👵🏻 by MARYNA 1 year ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 2,949,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1tGbUlHkDU	🎁😍 PRIMI REGALI DI NATALE 😍🎁 - #SPACCHETTIAMO INSIEME 😏 by MARYNA 1 year ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 234,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQGEeulb-RY	👭💁🏻 AMICA vs MIGLIORE AMICA 🤦🏻‍♀️👭 by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 1,422,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mwdNfclezs	🤦🏻‍♀️😅 LE BUGIE DELLE MAMME 😅🤦🏻‍♀️ by MARYNA 1 year ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 3,089,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um6eOqMQucc	🍁🛍 HAUL AUTUNNO 2018 🛍🍁 Ralph Lauren - UGG - Maje - Zara.. by MARYNA 1 year ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 199,102 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hF_Bq-sLybY	😱 PROVO TUTTI I MIEI FONDOTINTA 😱 #Bocciato👎🏻 o 👍🏻 #Promosso? by MARYNA 1 year ago 14 minutes, 21 seconds 404,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGHwh3HBLlo	🧛🏻‍♀️ HALLOWEEN MAKEUP - DISNEY VILLAINS 🎃 (SECONDA PARTE) by MARYNA 1 year ago 6 minutes, 38 seconds 460,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdo8DATCTVs	🧛🏻‍♀️ HALLOWEEN MAKEUP - DISNEY VILLAINS 🎃 (PRIMA PARTE) by MARYNA 1 year ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 875,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KrjOYD5sEE	🦌🏝TEMPTATION ISLAND VIP - ULTIMA PUNTATA🏝🦌 by MARYNA 1 year ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 219,091 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8llTWrIJDcA	👩🏻‍🎓UNIVERSITY : THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW📚 by MARYNA 1 year ago 15 minutes 271,061 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXVVUB4ldP4	🦌🏝TEMPTATION ISLAND VIP - TERZA PUNTATA🏝🦌 by MARYNA 1 year ago 9 minutes, 55 seconds 304,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LAqcmcCyrA	🦌🏝TEMPTATION ISLAND VIP - SECONDA PUNTATA🏝🦌 by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 35 seconds 441,326 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgSq1zLKTi0	🦌🏝TEMPTATION ISLAND VIP - PRIMA PUNTATA 🏝🦌 by MARYNA 2 years ago 8 minutes, 26 seconds 707,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFMq1cmLsbw	🛍 😱SHOPPING ESTREMO A NEW YORK 😍🛍 - #HAUL Settembre by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 312,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tygBlujlyMQ	🎬NEW YORK E LE SERIE TV: VI PORTO A VEDERE I LUOGHI DELLE VOSTRE SERIE PREFERITE by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 278,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi5oOx_G-ss	😍✈️IL VIAGGIO DEI MIEI SOGNI - VLOG AD ALTA QUOTA ✈️😍 (Emirates Airbus A380-800) by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 397,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53iVtTzAzmc	🛍️😍IL MIO SUPER REGALO DI COMPLEANNO 🛍️ 😏 - #HaulEstate by MARYNA 2 years ago 11 minutes 395,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttv40AI6fC4	🏝️🦌TEMPTATION ISLAND - #VERZA, #IKEA e MOLTO ALTRO... 🦌🏝️ by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 556,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuOv-ElpK7s	🏝️🦌TEMPTATION ISLAND - ORONZO, GEMMA, VALENTINA E IDA 🦌🏝️ by MARYNA 2 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 440,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzWIbHGeb-8	🏝️🦌TEMPTATION ISLAND - ORONZO LO STRONZO🦌🏝️ by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 55 seconds 774,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-F_JPKeBsM	🌵🦔LE RAGAZZE E LA DEPILAZIONE : 10 TIPOLOGIE 🐡🌵 by MARYNA 2 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 1,924,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byvxGeAWRUc	💁🏻😡 MAMME DI IERI vs MAMME DI OGGI 🤦🏻‍♀️🤳🏻 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 4,540,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt3rFwnqaQQ	📚👍🏻LAST EXAM TOP & FLOP👎🏻😱 - I TELL YOU MY EXPERIENCE by MARYNA 2 years ago 9 minutes, 56 seconds 447,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B21fzzS8UIM	🎭 LA CASA DE PAPEL  - Mashup My Life is Going On e Bella Ciao 🎭 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 1 minute, 35 seconds 222,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVk9vKHPAXc	❤️ QUELLO CHE SUCCEDE QUANDO INCONTRO I #MARYNERS... 😭 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 154,399 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN3--iZiDmE	⚽🙋🏻 LE RAGAZZE E IL CALCIO - 10 TIPOLOGIE 🤷🏻‍♀️⚽ | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 27 seconds 1,320,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRh-zYT1Vbo	🤬😒 LE FRASI DELLE RAGAZZE GELOSE 😱😇 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 5 minutes 920,186 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVl9Q3B0sVE	👫😱SE I RAGAZZI SI COMPORTASSERO COME LE RAGAZZE 🙈👫 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 36 seconds 1,037,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJTuH-6OPhc	👩‍👧‍👦 COSE CHE FANNO TUTTE LE MAMME 👩‍👧‍👦 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 1,896,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQu749M5q5Y	🎴🕴🏻 DILLO CON UN'EMOJI - EMOJI INUTILI (2 PARTE)🕳️🎴 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 404,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSA1tw3Utb0	👁️ PARODIA GRANDE FRATELLO 15 👁️ - SECONDA PUNTATA | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 461,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmLggniIs9Y	🤬LE 10 COSE DA NON DIRE MAI AD UNA RAGAZZA 🙉 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 1,306,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGXTKOdvQJA	👁️ PARODIA GRANDE FRATELLO 15 👁️ - PRIMA PUNTATA  | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 682,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBM82zNYexc	💁 VITA REALE vs TELENOVELA 🎬💃 - TOP ADOROS | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 993,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYEybkrCls0	👻😡 SE IL TUO EX FOSSE UN FANTASMA - COME DIMENTICARLO PER SEMPRE  😭💔 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 34 seconds 936,163 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUVfZo-r4-4	💋💄LA MIA MAKEUP COLLECTION - BEAUTY ROOM 💄💋 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 484,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN_hlMgCx-w	🤦‍♀️😖 10 TIPOLOGIE DI RAGAZZE QUANDO SI FANNO MALE 😱 🚑 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 2 minutes, 36 seconds 2,030,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSHTBVNweHg	🐣 🐰PASQUA TOP😍 vs FLOP😱  | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 516,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88jhirxW6uU	👺👤DILLO CON UN'EMOJI🌜🚵 - LE EMOJI PIU' INUTILI DI SEMPRE | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 590,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuIzaUsV1zI	15 TYPES OF GIRLS in the shower 💦😱 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 3,492,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ut--sqUJIjU	🏡😌A CASA MIA vs A CASA DEGLI ALTRI😱🏡 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 3 minutes, 42 seconds 3,837,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRf7f87ejyM	💄👄 PROVO TUTTE LE MIE TINTE LABBRA  👄💄#RipLabbra | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 1,528,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Su3lP9kjoQ	💉TATUAGGI TOP vs FLOP😱 - LI RIMUOVO PER SEMPRE!  | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 1,826,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDcYzj3tfNs	😭👠10 TYPES OF GIRLS WHEN PREPARING TO EXIT 👗😱 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 46 seconds 3,573,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tiiBvW10QU	👩🏻‍🍳🍰UNA YOUTUBER IN CUCINA - CHEESECAKE AI FRUTTI DI BOSCO🍰👩🏻‍🍳 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 300,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_UD2xmc-28	💄EVERYDAY MAKEUP TUTORIAL 💁🏻‍♀️ | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 211,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP0dqNTVEso	❓RISPONDO ALLE VOSTRE DOMANDE #AskMaryna | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 15 minutes 236,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlWIXiQnuHw	😱💄HOW I PUT MY MAKE UP ON : MIDDLE SCHOOL, HIGH SCHOOL AND UNIVERSITY📚 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 2,694,965 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkORdCz7_OA	💁🏻‍♀️TIPOLOGIE DI RAGAZZE A SAN VALENTINO 🙈😂 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 2 minutes, 47 seconds 803,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ko6VJEgG00	Saint Valentine TOP vs FLOP (ORIGINAL STORIES!!!) I MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 695,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnFKV-D4OR8	😍SUPER HAUL SALDI GENNAIO 2018 💸🙈 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 381,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnshuGNpzBk	😱 THE WORST NEW YEARS EVE OF MY LIFE!!! 🙈 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 625,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYy6ZXOm_ZM	👗9 OUTFIT PER CAPODANNO 😏🔥 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 771,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSIGkryhSF8	7 TIPS TO NOT TO GET FAT DURING CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS😱🍖🍤 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 255,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wwDBpPQknU	CHRISTMAS SONGS IN 2 MINUTES | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 2 minutes, 59 seconds 745,182 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3idegReezfw	💄COME TRUCCARSI A NATALE : 3 MAKEUP FACILI E D'EFFETTO 🎄| MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 342,488 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1k4CX-dfG0	💁🏻‍♀️LE RAGAZZE A NATALE🎄 : 12 TIPOLOGIE | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 1,745,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0CqT51h9o4	👗 9 OUTFIT PER NATALE 🎄| MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 666,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uy9j2HJgr8g	👧🏻👩🏼I PARENTI A NATALE : 20 TIPOLOGIE 👨🏻👵🏻 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 1,770,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJg7LwW3tkA	💇🏻‍♀️4 ACCONCIATURE TOP PER LE FESTE✨ | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 1,301,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T260KlVYSR8	MY CHRISTMAS TREE - FIRST #VLOGMAS | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 291,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjuIZ80yq7w	Does my mother really know me? - #AskNadia | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 847,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDAejinYJBo	👁PARODIA GRANDE FRATELLO VIP - LA FINALE | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 6 minutes, 23 seconds 492,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOtj6nJTGSQ	HAUL AUTUNNO 2017 | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 552,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-nQtOetZYM	👁PARODIA GRANDE FRATELLO VIP - CECILIA, IGNAZIO E.... | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 912,724 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnVs63T47j4	THE EMOJI TO NEVER SEND TO A GIRL (2nd PART) MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 5 minutes, 57 seconds 744,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq7R2j5XWZU	UNA YOUTUBER EN LA COCINA - TARTA SALADA | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 2 minutes, 13 seconds 185,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh1wDidszo8	3 COSTUMI PER HALLOWEEN SUPER ECONOMICI | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 1,169,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hujyj73kI50	10 TIPOLOGIE DI FIDANZATI COSTRETTI A SCATTARE UNA FOTO ALLA PROPRIA RAGAZZA | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 912,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PIDV3znGLM	STOP AL CYBERBULLISMO | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 324,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKkj07iCirw	UNA YOUTUBER EN LA COCINA - PANCAKES AMERICANOS | MARYNA by MARYNA 2 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 431,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqMwr-lTqYQ	BIG BROTHER VIP PARODY| MARYN by MARYNA 3 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 826,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4BuEEM4-As	I'M BROWSKING WITH YOU MY OLD DIARIES | Maryna by MARYNA 3 years ago 16 minutes 915,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynz3mjcaQAc	GIUDICE PER THE MUSER BATTLE ITALIA | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 37 seconds 404,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOxhUS7ydWw	👗5 OUTFIT PER IL PRIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA📚 | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 1,102,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1y6oKvqwQY	Septemeber and the good resolutions | Maryna by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 309,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXf5d9lX3TE	🎤 2017 SUMMER SONGS IN LESS THAN 3 MINUTES | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 50 seconds 2,223,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS-SjkgYZK4	👙IL TAG DEL BIKINI👙 | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 2,457,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8xAL-E1euc	PARODIA TEMPTATION ISLAND : LA RESA DEI CONTI | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 596,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjivJl_v6Tw	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO PRENDONO IL SOLE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 38 seconds 3,972,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRotaW3ibW4	PARODIA TEMPTATION ISLAND : IL FALÓ DI RUBÉN E FRANCESCA | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 9 seconds 641,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGS8DX6KSj0	PARODIA TEMPTATION ISLAND : SECONDA PARTE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 590,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2sAlHFh5eI	CRAZY SALES - HAUL July 2017 | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 13 minutes, 29 seconds 1,207,681 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjnr1VCY_qI	PARODIA TEMPTATION ISLAND | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 30 seconds 1,004,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-09vyybjbw	12 THINGS GIRLS HATE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 3,518,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc5Nf0X-0g8	reaction's to my old photos by MARYNA 3 years ago 8 minutes, 1 second 473,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf_dIyDuIP0	THE EMOJI TO NEVER SEND TO A GIRL | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 23 seconds 1,441,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEVMR2Okfzs	IF YOUR PHONE WAS A PERSON | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 22 seconds 943,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpr5nlKk_Gc	GIRLS while doing their make-up | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 15 seconds 3,611,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bfkk9IzmEd0	10 WAYS TO END A PHONE CALL | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 16 seconds 1,328,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP7dB4m2J6w	15 WEIRD THINGS GIRLS DO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 35 seconds 4,182,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhxXVWnSbL8	TYPES OF GIRLFRIENDS | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 3,721,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xkXEarpFg4	MARRIAGE PROPOSAL TO CHIARA FERRAGNI - HOME FERRAGNIZ #4 EPISODE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 40 seconds 739,073 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wTatTrasnE	C'E' POSTA PER CASA FERRAGNIZ #3 EPISODIO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 5 minutes, 30 seconds 962,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vtbcn1Rnm-E	DISNEY RAP BATTLE : CENERENTOLA VS BIANCANEVE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 42 seconds 2,522,578 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCLXuC8NFcU	HOW GIRLS WAKE UP IN THE MORNING : 10 TYPES | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 2,546,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56rQQyA4Brs	WHEN GIRLS DON'T KNOW WHAT TO WEAR | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 8 seconds 655,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyeYMyLP5_w	40 LIES USED BY GIRLS | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes 3,153,808 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BJUPgUvvVQ	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO VEDONO UN INSETTO : 14 REAZIONI + 1 | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 17 seconds 1,204,597 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5J79Y1S6iY8	MEDLEY "LA BELLA E LA BESTIA" | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 44 seconds 151,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-5W4IMsKFY	10 TIPI DI RAGAZZE CON I TACCHI | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 48 seconds 2,950,193 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q64KrdlH7U4	CASA FERRAGNIZ : #2 EPISODIO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 32 seconds 1,188,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJT-DiRZE0Q	L' AMORE E' TUTTI I GIORNI | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 51 seconds 385,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YVO5TOYng8	QUANDO UN RAGAZZO TI CHIEDE DI USCIRE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 52 seconds 1,056,018 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKuXKtXr4iI	CASA FERRAGNIZ : #1 EPISODIO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 27 seconds 1,829,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb7ucuT6PC8	DISSING FEDEZ - GUE PEQUENO - MARRACASH | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 197,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiFZ4N_pLZY	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO SI LASCIANO : 13 TIPOLOGIE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 1,457,089 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZPbYAnjUSA	CANTARE IN METRO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 47 seconds 1,139,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FhvPidsuwo	QUANDO APRI I REGALI DI NATALE : 10 REAZIONI | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 3,234,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hufv3xDM6E	HAVE YOURSELF A MERRY LITTLE CHRISTMAS | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 32 seconds 204,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5GqIF2sp0w	GIRLS IN THE KITCHEN: 15 TYPES | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 3,160,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geUY68n11ts	GIRLS AND FLU : EXPECTATION VS REALITY | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 37 seconds 2,175,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-McIBS1qdo	LE RAGAZZE IN INVERNO : ASPETTATIVA VS REALTA' | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 34 seconds 499,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKIiRLcU9GA	TIPOLOGIE DI MAMME | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 14 seconds 3,349,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXwXw3Ds5NE	RADUNO CON I FAN A MILANO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 37 seconds 102,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YViHhhNv5cw	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO USANO INSTAGRAM STORIES | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 23 seconds 1,550,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cLfzNxG4Ko	LE RAGAZZE DA PARRUCCHIERE 2.0 | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 34 seconds 4,506,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hR8xjAQCrDA	10 MODI PER FARE PACE COL PROPRIO RAGAZZO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 1,179,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOIYhLKtMSc	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO PARCHEGGIANO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 46 seconds 1,021,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN7cA79pq-w	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO VANNO AL CINEMA | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 1,369,277 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTTYgbswAnM	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO ARRIVA IL FREDDO | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes 1,597,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJBxwIJsCow	ONE GIRL 11 VOICES | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 796,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUJ4kbY0Fto	HOW OUR MOTHERS SEE US VS HOW WE REALLY ARE by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 6,405,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwMl_Azyy48	LE RAGAZZE NEGLI ANNI 90 VS LE RAGAZZE OGGI | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 49 seconds 4,238,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89CF6ZSYxr4	LE RAGAZZE QUANDO VANNO A DORMIRE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 54 seconds 2,801,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVAT8wlHyPc	🙋🏻 TIPOLOGIE DI COMPAGNE DI CLASSE 🙋🏻 by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 21 seconds 2,571,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRS37YREvvo	COME I RAGAZZI VORREBBERO LE RAGAZZE VS COME SONO REALMENTE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 48 seconds 2,161,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAABQyFTGrw	MA CHE NE SANNO I RAGAZZI | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 55 seconds 2,185,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNo_C51JN-Q	10 KINDS OF SINGLE WOMEN | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 3 seconds 1,631,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbM9TMQbxhw	LE RAGAZZE E L'EYELINER AKA "UNA SETTIMANA DA CLIO" | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 11 seconds 705,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTZQKASgEoU	LE RAGAZZE SU SNAPCHAT (PRIMA PARTE) | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 26 seconds 741,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQaf7ej-3JU	DISNEY RAP BATTLE : ARIEL VS BELLE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 55 seconds 4,959,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2OF5dBF7p4	💁🏻 PUBBLICITA' VS REALTA' 🙅🏻 by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 40 seconds 3,114,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXcXj16t3Co	👫 10 TIPOLOGIE DI COPPIE 👫 by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 48 seconds 4,660,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOxH5b0s1Qw	🤬 10 TIPOLOGIE DI RAGAZZE QUANDO PARLANO DELL'EX 🤬 by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 29 seconds 1,905,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKCpK7FogRU	😱 QUANDO UNA RAGAZZA INVIA UN CUORE AL TUO FIDANZATO 😱 by MARYNA 3 years ago 54 seconds 421,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3tz5uCKxl8	WHAT GIRLS LOVE TO DO TO THEIR BOYFRIENDS... | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 21 seconds 3,595,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhQqIvidDVA	THINGS NOT TO SAY WHEN GIRLS HAVE THE CYCLE | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 16 seconds 3,789,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3QkhUJHTww	feel cool expectation vs reality by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 33 seconds 2,235,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnCc8E16sEY	💇🏻 LE RAGAZZE DAL PARRUCCHIERE 💇🏻 by MARYNA 3 years ago 3 minutes, 4 seconds 2,312,269 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dY6o1P2sCY	😡 QUANDO IL TUO FIDANZATO METTE LIKE AD ALTRE RAGAZZE 😡 by MARYNA 3 years ago 1 minute, 39 seconds 712,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDDOouJQonw	🤬 RAGAZZE GELOSE 🤬 by MARYNA 3 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 2,137,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4x1uZ2zlq6g	STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 34 seconds 1,142,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7aiccwdmCM	15 TYPES OF TEACHERS | MARYNA by MARYNA 3 years ago 4 minutes, 36 seconds 3,053,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKssQwEhL1M	14 CLOTHES EVERY GIRL HAVE | MARYNA by MARYNA 4 years ago 3 minutes, 50 seconds 2,380,337 views
