https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJbaVBxfcXY	PRIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA DI CICO! SOFÌ SI FINGE MAESTRA!! by Me contro Te IT 12 hours ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 799,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svI4OH0J_Qs	SOFÌ SI FINGE UNA MAESTRA DI SCUOLA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 day ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 1,061,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R62rux9eUdo	IL GIOCO DEL LABORATORIO DELLO SLIME DEL SIGNOR S!! by Me contro Te IT 2 days ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 907,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlHTFGFrCPw	TELEFONO SEGRETO FATTO IN CASA! LIFE HACK DIVERTENTE DA FARE! by Me contro Te IT 3 days ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 1,114,111 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I6LTfY3Xz8	NON PESTARE LO SLIME DENTRO CASA!! by Me contro Te IT 4 days ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 1,205,087 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESqBT1c7K9Y	CICO DA UN VOTO AI NOSTRI SLIME!! by Me contro Te IT 6 days ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 1,257,556 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0yN5kZ6v6g	SCHERZO COLLA NELLE SCARPE DI SOFÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 1 week ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,314,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpAlC5cYk54	CICO NASCONDE GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME!! by Me contro Te IT 1 week ago 15 minutes 1,233,192 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEIabLVw4HU	CIBO SLIME! PROVIAMO I NUOVI FOOD SLIME SKIFIDOL!! by Me contro Te IT 1 week ago 9 minutes, 29 seconds 1,036,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7bmsGMqpPQ	MEDUSE DENTRO LA VASCA DA BAGNO! SCHERZO A LUÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 1 week ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 1,530,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkiCokXd8eE	CICO DA UN VOTO AI NOSTRI DIPINTI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 week ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 1,393,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG6Zbbrd89w	LA SABBIA PAZZA DEI ME CONTRO TE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 week ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 1,702,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnjBBeTzhPU	CICO CREDE CI SIA UN FANTASMA IN CASA!! by Me contro Te IT 2 weeks ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 1,744,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxZ1PuPs6BU	CICO VIENE A CASA NOSTRA PER LA PRIMA VOLTA!! by Me contro Te IT 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 1,903,428 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrvYECFniBQ	MORNING ROUTINE VACANZA VS SCUOLA! by Me contro Te IT 2 weeks ago 9 minutes, 9 seconds 2,872,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAz4xgFuHx0	SOFÌ METTE LO SLIME NEGLI OGGETTI DELLA MERENDA DI LUÌ! by Me contro Te IT 2 weeks ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 1,777,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jheTCL4peQE	SOFÌ CREDE DI ESSERE UNA SUORA DEL COLLEGIO!! by Me contro Te IT 2 weeks ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 1,391,809 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzvXMnT6L1M	CICO HA RUBATO LA NOSTRA VIDEOCAMERA!! by Me contro Te IT 3 weeks ago 8 minutes, 43 seconds 2,209,693 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t21LhI3gMks	ABBIAMO FATTO IL TEST PER IL VIRUS!! by Me contro Te IT 3 weeks ago 9 minutes, 51 seconds 2,247,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iug09hASR5g	LUÌ VOTA GLI OUTFIT DEL PRIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 3 weeks ago 9 minutes, 22 seconds 1,944,862 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhLka91j3yI	CICO SCEGLIE GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 weeks ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 3,533,047 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6Xm7AzPEXc	SPIAMO CICO CRICETO PER UN GIORNO!! by Me contro Te IT 3 weeks ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 3,571,055 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6ZJ09qF6nk	IL NOSTRO NUOVO AMICO "CICO CRICETO" by Me contro Te IT 4 weeks ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 3,625,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHNKafyf1Fg	UNO SCONOSCIUTO CI HA MANDATO UN MESSAGGIO!! by Me contro Te IT 4 weeks ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 1,729,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM_WWwYql5A	TOUR DELLA NUOVA STANZA SEGRETA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 9 minutes, 53 seconds 1,432,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3je7-Vmb2U	APRIAMO LA NUOVA PORTA NELLA CASA SEGRETA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,802,047 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfqeFVFevVw	IL PORTALE NELL' ARMADIO È SCOMPARSO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 1,645,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aCiqy87vMk	ABBIAMO TROVATO UNA CHIAVE MOLTO STRANA! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 1,800,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXi-4mZlvgE	GIOCHIAMO A CALCIO DENTRO LE BOLLE GIGANTI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 1,272,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIGG9qU8-ZA	LUÌ HA NASCOSTO LA COLLEZIONE DI NANCY DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 2,143,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiQnnvg_Q_4	GARA DI TUFFI IN PISCINA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 1,959,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huJLgWRkGU4	DISTURBO LUÌ PER 24 ORE CON IL CANNONE SPARA ACQUA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 1,918,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Gaxn844Zco	I NOSTRI CUCCIOLI KIRA E RAY VANNO IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 5,761,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiNE4Cb8qKE	CALCIO CON LA PALLA GIGANTE! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 11 minutes, 1 second 1,364,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8XyXIvh5rc	SCHERZO A SOFÌ LA SPINGO IN PISCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,570,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4uICX-MKVs	SCHIACCIARE OGGETTI CON LA MACCHININA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 3,224,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtXSDKf5Bwo	RICCHI VS POVERI IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 2,853,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRWgE-cmObI	REAZIONE DI SOFÌ E LUÌ A "ME CONTRO TE IL FILM 2" by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 2,498,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGfp1le269Q	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - IL MISTERO DELLA SCUOLA INCANTATA (Trailer) by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 50 seconds 4,065,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL2jePLATU4	CALCIO BENDATI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 1,710,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ltd36z8KqtE	LUÌ FA IL BAGNO NELLO STAGNO!! *PENITENZA* by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 9 minutes, 43 seconds 2,738,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5OOI3O-Ifk	GARA DI MACCHINE DENTRO CASA! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 6,636,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W89iEjMk7vw	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: METTO LE MEDUSE NELLA PISCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 4,595,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prLV6cScJtc	NASCONDINO NEI COLORI CHALLENGE IN PISCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 1,567,893 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZPvWCXcCQM	GARA DI NUOTO IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 3,537,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJXrernIo4M	SLIME CHALLENGE IN PISCINA DIVERTENTE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 1,860,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yigrL_23Adc	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI IN PISCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 2,559,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGG63Hiityw	ABBIAMO TROVATO UN GIARDINO SEGRETO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 month ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 2,065,035 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO3MLcum3OE	MASCHI VS FEMMINE IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 2,172,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2o10CHY4-8	SIAMO IN UN HOTEL FANTASMA!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 1,825,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_NZ9SAaLU8	ANDIAMO IN VACANZA IN UN VILLAGGIO TURISTICO!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 1,839,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN3Fe0iOgd0	SOFÌ DICE TUTTA LA VERITÀ RIGUARDO LA SIRENA!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 1,960,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYt4fYe6zno	SOFÌ È TORNATA UNA SIRENA! SCHERZO A LUÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 2,340,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zW2vHhYaO3g	L'ULTIMO CHE ESCE DAL CERCHIO VINCE!!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 2,244,591 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzSVPySXsPg	NON ROMPERE IL SALVADANAIO SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 1,904,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Hbbdmi9bt4	SE PRENDI LA CARTA SBAGLIATA FAI UNA PENITENZA!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 1,759,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8a2DXr6pL8	SOFÌ DECIDE LA MORNING ROUTINE DI LUÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 1,897,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3fUoUnZVsA	NON SCEGLIERE GLI INGREDIENTI DEL GELATO SBAGLIATI! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 1,493,882 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUgSzrA9lQ0	SCHERZO SLIME NEL GABINETTO!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 2,206,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yj330DN1eBk	3 COLORI DI PENNARELLI CON LE SCARPE ME CONTRO TE!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 9 minutes, 1 second 1,593,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ham0nF9SnVM	FARE LO SLIME SOTT'ACQUA! ESPERIMENTO INCREDIBILE!!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 2,984,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TU-zsVu5Pn4	LUÌ DECIDE LA MORNING ROUTINE DI SOFÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 1,705,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6VbWz5xJlo	NON SCEGLIERE LA TENDA SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 2,806,576 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbsuOnxxG40	GINNASTICA ACROBATICA CON LE LETTERE DELL' ALFABETO! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 1,155,497 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdotd8822GM	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME SOTT'ACQUA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 12 minutes, 24 seconds 2,090,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmfdYjrI6QE	MAI ANDARE DI NOTTE NELLE STANZE SEGRETE!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 2,522,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPyV-UkGoOM	CACCIA AL TESORO DENTRO CASA CON I TATOO ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 1,435,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPUMQg04qPw	SCHERZO TRUCCO LUÌ MENTRE DORME!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 2,917,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-tXVAPP76c	LA COLLEZIONE DELLA SCUOLA DEI ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 1,136,109 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EZ0ES9BCno	SOFÌ MOSTRA COME FARE LE SUE ACCONCIATURE! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 2,055,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pObC3C-83w	LUÌ È CADUTO FACENDO DANZA CLASSICA!! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 1,163,642 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJygvHNFi7c	APRIAMO IL SALVADANAIO DI LUÌ! QUANTI SOLDI CI SONO?! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 12 minutes 1,837,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vY-xSLunqY4	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI IN MINECRAFT! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 4,066,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrZLc6MUfus	SOFÌ CREA UN LABORATORIO DELLO SLIME NEL FORTINO! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 2,940,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6VgWxhJEQg	I ME CONTRO TE SI PRESENTANO IN SPAGNA! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 976,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Zm3hBVlXOY	PRIMO VIDEO IN SPAGNOLO DEI ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 2 months ago 2 minutes, 25 seconds 1,119,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywyuCMwYNpo	LA RUOTA DEL MISTERO DECIDE LA NOSTRA SPACCATA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 1,963,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkBiY19BlDY	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI NELLA GELATINA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 2,766,050 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b3C5uYFlUU	FACCIAMO LA DAILY ROUTINE IN ORDINE ALFABETICO! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 2,317,301 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ESlLCrgX74	TELEPATIA DEI TELEFONI SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 3,219,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFjJMUZ9iw0	SOFÌ TRASFORMA CASA IN UN ISOLA TROPICALE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 1,878,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aICpI9uLskY	TESTA O CROCE SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 1,790,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejBE2gUq-Q8	CHI TROVA PIÙ SOLDI IN CASA VINCE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 2,659,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPzJai0rSeA	IL DADO DECIDE LA NOSTRA SPACCATA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,241,540 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1CAGfHflPw	SCHERZO A SOFÌ LE RUBO GLI OGGETTI DI NASCOSTO! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 1,522,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DU9jSv4BajY	GLI IPHONE DECIDONO GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME! *Siri vs Google* by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 3,598,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trvphDs8-KI	FACCIAMO UN PONTE IN PISCINA! *IDEA FOLLE* by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 971,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQ2FZ-CtMFc	FACCIAMO I TATUAGGI MOMENTANEI DEI ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 1,706,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRXp3D73Hcs	SOFÌ CREDE DI ESSERE UN ALLENATRICE IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 1,852,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll7WsWREd_4	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI NELLA CABINA ARMADIO! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 2,819,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmt2YA_U9q8	SCHERZO LUÌ CREDE CHE C'È UN FANTASMA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 13 minutes, 25 seconds 3,466,866 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9y1IWCItNU	MAKE UP SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 3,559,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bA54v_K6ME	IL NOSTRO PRIMO BAGNO A MARE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 12 minutes, 43 seconds 1,057,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uX0e94avnc	24 ORE NELLA STANZA MISTERIOSA PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 2,500,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzY3LpwBziA	COSTRUIAMO LA TENDA DA CAMPEGGIO IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 1,588,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeRmDi9XvIg	LA NOSTRA PRIMA LEZIONE DI DANZA CLASSICA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 2,061,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vcsizj64J8Q	LUÌ SI CREDE UN MAESTRO SAMURAI DI KARATE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 14 minutes, 31 seconds 1,673,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Q-64tWg6cs	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - La Vendetta del Signor S (BACKSTAGE) by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 4 minutes, 37 seconds 2,012,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kz-eSykwhyw	IMPARIAMO IL SALTO DELLA CORDA IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 1,663,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWZ5J83VG0s	CACCIA AL TESORO CON LE NA NA NA SURPRISE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 2,356,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZTDA5EhY0E	HO SPIATO SOFÌ PER UN GIORNO e LEI NON LO SAPEVA! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 13 minutes, 41 seconds 2,379,471 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVHQ7z4whmE	SCOPRIAMO UNA NUOVA STANZA MISTERIOSA!! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 2,146,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTyxCjcSoJo	CERCHIAMO IL PROPRIETARIO DELLE STANZE MISTERIOSE! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 2,214,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs2Z_8Kzihk	SCHERZO A SOFÌ SVUOTO LA STANZA MISTERIOSA CABINA ARMADIO! by Me contro Te IT 3 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 1,736,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY0zp3zNZDo	IMPARIAMO A FARE LA SPACCATA! Ginnastica Challenge! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 13 minutes 1,261,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOfZ5RwNCt4	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 2,713,227 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFPaKnvz8Qg	SCHERZO HO LEGATO I PIEDI DI LUÌ ALL'HOVERBOARD E CADE IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 730,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsFImYxgmG8	5 CURIOSITÀ SU "ME CONTRO TE: IL FILM - La Vendetta del Signor S" by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 2,342,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOXBaVACz_8	SPIO LUÌ PER 24 ORE! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 2,218,561 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gn4fyQCN6sg	LA RUOTA DECIDE LE ACROBAZIE DA FARE IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 15 minutes 1,532,336 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j28oL-d0GyM	GINNASTICA RITMICA CON I NASTRI! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 1,555,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjyLAjxpL-8	VIVIAMO UN GIORNO CON LE SCARPE DA BALLERINA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 1,403,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0L6N5Av4LI	FESTA DI COMPLEANNO DI RAY! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 1,284,680 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIMd6ab-PwE	SCHERZO FACCIO CREDERE A LUÌ CHE È IL SUO COMPLEANNO! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 2,390,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjwCOqAi7cI	SLIME ACROBATICO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 1,890,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-xkqNMiIOo	LUÌ È DIVENTATO UNA PALLA DA FITNESS IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 1,394,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgYw8kqx0Qs	VIVIAMO 24 ORE NELLA STANZA MISTERIOSA CABINA ARMADIO! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 3,497,088 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UapNphPECnE	IMPARIAMO A FARE LA VERTICALE! (Acrobazie in Palestra!) by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 1,664,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzQR_iMRhfQ	PROVIAMO IL NUOVO SLIME DEL SIGNOR S vs ME CONTRO TE by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,332,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao3f58o2wbg	CHALLENGE BENDATI: LE FRECCETTE DECIDONO GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 987,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2Na6XKy5kI	PROVIAMO LE SCARPE DI DANZA DA BALLERINA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 1,854,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPsgSLC_37Y	SOFÌ SONNAMBULA VA IN PALESTRA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 2,351,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppYCF3XV5l4	IMPARIAMO A FARE LA RUOTA ACROBATICA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 1,575,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqxVN87aaK0	100 BOMBE DA BAGNO NELLA VASCA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 4,461,440 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N04Ghknw3qc	SOFÌ SI CREDE UNA PRINCIPESSA PER IL COMPLEANNO! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 3,390,125 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hKVliy2Njg	SCHERZO A LUÌ METTO LO SLIME NELLE SCARPE! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,472,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WZWyNZW3WM	GIOCHIAMO AL GIOCO DA TAVOLO GIGANTE DENTRO CASA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 18 minutes 1,853,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfSC6VpbjlE	HULA HOOP CHALLENGE NELLA PALESTRA MISTERIOSA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 14 minutes, 26 seconds 2,541,078 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVVHVDn61Wc	LA NUOVA STANZA PALESTRA DELLA CASA MISTERIOSA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 2,502,043 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8GGwCdSqy0	ABBIAMO TROVATO ALTRE PORTE NELLA CASA MISTERIOSA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 2,889,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKe6-iHl4jc	GUARDIAMO LE TELECAMERE NASCOSTE NELLA STANZA SEGRETA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 5,904,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTMgqG8A36U	LA PORTA DELLA STANZA MISTERIOSA È APERTA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 3,833,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owPNtTQnEAs	TELECAMERA NASCOSTA NELLA STANZA MISTERIOSA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 2,761,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1g89r69fOk	FACCIAMO IL LIBRO DEL SIGNOR S CON LA TEMPERA! by Me contro Te IT 4 months ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 1,665,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18IIRDf9uzE	PROVIAMO AD APRIRE LA PORTA DELLA STANZA MISTERIOSA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,648,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=050BbnuM7N8	LUÌ CREDE DI LAVORARE IN UN NEGOZIO NELLA CABINA ARMADIO!! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 2,382,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VY5mQVwjklI	NON SCEGLIERE LA BORRACCIA SLIME SBAGLIATA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 2,532,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK1AgJjlmbo	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - LA VENDETTA DEL SIGNOR S (Primi minuti) by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 2,983,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udPP247f1Ik	FACCIAMO LO SLIME NELLA NUOVA STANZA SEGRETA!! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 2,205,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by4eWdrckoA	SOFÌ ENTRA NELLA STANZA SEGRETA PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 2,316,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZNzKpXU36g	24 ORE NEL BALCONE DI CASA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 1,025,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5xyJh5AwMQ	SOFÌ NON CREDE A LUÌ E LA STANZA SEGRETA!! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 2,177,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVSSGQ-owF8	LUÌ ENTRA NELLA NUOVA STANZA DELLA CASA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 2,859,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrT-t3GkwFs	HO TROVATO UNA PORTA SEGRETA IN CASA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 2,616,867 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tn_FcuJ5hE	ANDIAMO IN UN LABORATORIO DI SCARPE! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 1,459,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8e1RxCuoOc	TROVIAMO UNA NUOVA LETTERA DEL "SIGNOR S"!!! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 2,537,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zq6V897yiA	RAGAZZE vs RAGAZZI FARE LO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 4,794,352 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XooJYWqmcSg	LUÌ VA IN GIRO AL SUPERMERCATO IN ACCAPPATOIO PER PENITENZA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 1,125,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czFX_ZiiVSk	LA MAMMA PAZZA VUOLE GIOCARE CON LO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 14 minutes, 50 seconds 4,175,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_5QbuJECys	SCHERZO METTO LA COLLA NEL GEL PER MANI DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 3,387,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXbWoU6Wz1A	SLIME CALDO VS SLIME GHIACCIATO by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 2,504,004 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DzZqM7d9AM	NON SCEGLIERE LA CASSAFORTE SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 13 minutes, 17 seconds 3,821,020 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMVy1O4qLho	24 ORE DENTRO LA PISCINA IN CASA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 4,968,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2jbxzFcV98	SCHERZO A LUÌ METTO UNA PISCINA DENTRO CASA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,124,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5lxhgucwhs	LA NOSTRA MORNING ROUTINE IN HOTEL! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes 878,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2CLNB40LwU	FARE LO SLIME CON LE UNGHIE LUNGHISSIME! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 2,846,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPVfBCZX6OE	DIRETTA ME CONTRO TE: Domande e Risposte per i 5 MILIONI! by Me contro Te IT Streamed 5 months ago 20 minutes 1,436,943 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX37InsL8mQ	LUÌ SCOPRE CHE SOFÌ IMBROGLIA NEL GELATO DELLA GELATERIA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 2,606,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fR421U_oeTw	SOFÌ CREDE DI LAVORARE IN UNA GELATERIA! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 4,163,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPCpQyS_reg	NON SCEGLIERE LA PIZZA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 3,036,522 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhBp7lj8Eio	ROMPIAMO UN UOVO DI PASQUA GIGANTE!! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,256,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur3aCxBgwUc	RICCHI vs POVERI fare lo SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 13 minutes, 24 seconds 6,175,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jBjLzwC6-4	SOFÌ VUOLE IL TELEFONO DI LUÌ PER FARE TIK TOK!! by Me contro Te IT 5 months ago 7 minutes, 28 seconds 2,795,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7FL8k2Xks4	VIVIAMO 24 ORE NELLA CAMERA DA LETTO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 9 minutes 2,209,247 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKJ1hZ60cK0	BOROTALCO + SHAMPOO = SLIME! (Nuova Ricetta) by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 1,642,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fd1M_ovYuo	LUÌ POLIZIOTTO METTE SOFÌ IN CARCERE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 33 seconds 4,424,454 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmIdSX4UQbU	LUÌ CREDE DI ESSERE UN POLIZIOTTO! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 2,325,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBwKs6valWg	COSTRUIAMO FORTINO GIGANTE DENTRO CASA! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 1,869,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Xo4C88Y-FE	FARE LO SLIME SULLA BASE ROTANTE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 9 minutes, 42 seconds 2,136,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeySQZQFTfo	APRIAMO LE UOVA DI PASQUA DEI "ME CONTRO TE"! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 7 minutes, 39 seconds 1,959,372 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7mxQRiouoQ	SCHERZO A SOFÌ COLORANTE NELL'APPARECCHIO DEI DENTI! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 3,986,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip_LqJhIco0	SOFÌ TAGLIA I CAPELLI A LUÌ! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 1,942,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPFRHrk0j3Y	FARE LO SLIME CON INGREDIENTI SOLO DI UN COLORE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 3,558,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRs_Az76QqM	FACCIAMO I VASI DI CERAMICA IN CASA CON LA BASE ROTANTE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 2,870,369 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7nM84uCdA0	SCHERZO A SOFÌ! HO RIEMPITO LA STANZA DI BICCHIERI!! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 1,026,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ukC6PMetNA	SI PUÒ FARE LO SLIME SENZA ATTIVATORE?! *CI SIAMO RIUSCITI!* by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 43 seconds 2,638,603 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8jrcIMkuJc	SOFÌ CREDE DI ESSERE UNA DENTISTA PAZZA! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 2,887,403 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvtXHYtMtkA	COME LAVARE I DENTI! - Video Educativo Me contro Te by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,657,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jK18eIlDQMU	SCHERZO A LUÌ! METTO LA COLLA NELLA SUA SEDIA!! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 12 minutes, 11 seconds 3,180,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEfJT55FgYA	FARE LO SLIME CON LE MANI DELL'ALTRO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 2,677,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1wl_QhT6t8	COME FARE DISEGNI MAGICI CHE SI MUOVONO! (ESPERIMENTI IN CASA) by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 2,982,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDnGZgLygQw	BAGNO IN UNA VASCA PIENA DI SCHIUMA DA BARBA! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 1,112,425 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKqTe7ce53k	FARE LO SLIME CON LE MANETTE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 3,707,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHerNR-5eOM	INSEGNO A MIO NONNO A FARE LO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 4,332,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPczGJEW03E	LUÌ CREDE DI ESSERE IL NONNO DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 2,456,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2mlrF5AwQE	PROVIAMO I NUOVI SHOKKY BANDZ ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 875,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwo_YSaN8zY	VESTITI DA ADULTI PER 24 ORE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,959,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsPEK-gkQmY	FARE LO SLIME CON LE MANI DELL'ALTRO!! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 3,482,009 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RWmVCSvHdo	ANDIAMO AL PARCO DEI DINOSAURI! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 1,304,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn1oNz4r4nM	FEMMINE vs MASCHI in BAGNO! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 7,534,473 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvcOjtq6mNc	DIPINGERE CON LE MANI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 4,257,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03QuX6bN0UA	VASCA DA BAGNO PIENA DI PALLINE! SCHERZO A SOFÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 4,019,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgvaUBO_oSA	FARE LO SLIME AL CONTRARIO INIZIANDO DALLA FINE... by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 2,517,869 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RbQ18bw3-0	PROVIAMO LO SLIME A FORMA DI CIBO! SKIFIDOL FOOD SLIME!! by Me contro Te IT 6 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 2,688,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkzurXl-hOw	PROVIAMO I LIFE HACKS PIÙ STRANI DI TIK TOK! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,608,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8INZvBhlBI	SLIME CHALLENGE... MA NULLA È COME SEMBRA! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 3,882,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gew3Oc450NI	VIVIAMO 24 ORE IN CUCINA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 4,394,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6wcQsSBt4I	APRIAMO UNA NANANA SURPRISE GIGANTE! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 4,755,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYB3NsOf2bM	PROVIAMO I LIFE HACKS DI TIK TOK! *FUNZIONA VERAMENTE!!* by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 3,335,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_BxA2P9zJg	FARE LO SLIME CON INGREDIENTI SOLO DI 1 COLORE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 13 minutes 5,395,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSijNIe-Yf4	PERCHÈ CI AMMALIAMO?! - Video Educativo Me contro Te by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 4,063,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BABJziDI0E	SE INDOVINI LA PAROLA METTI L'INGREDIENTE DELLO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 14 minutes, 52 seconds 7,115,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KErSsT-YyY4	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI DA SOFÌ HARLEY QUINN! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 7,837,304 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtycXvUp4rI	INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME FALSI NEI BARATTOLI SCHERZO! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 6,379,602 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZW7U7KeTsQ	SCAMBIA LA SCATOLA DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 3,764,897 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty4kKc91QHw	PROVIAMO STRANE COMBINAZIONI DI CIBO DOLCE E SALATO!! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 3,782,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp2mreFPxPM	HO ORDINATO 30 PIZZE A DOMICILIO A SOFÌ SCHERZO!! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 4,256,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjLpLKAQddc	SUPERMAN VS LADYBUG MIRACOLOUS! Festa di CARNEVALE in casa!! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 6,882,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TO_mOu63cjE	PAPÀ PAZZO INCONTRA LA MAMMA PAZZA!! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 3,505,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC_c0aGPKvg	LUÌ CREDE DI ESSERE IL PAPÀ PAZZO! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 2,172,315 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOs2ylF1_Fk	CANTIAMO LA NUOVA CANZONE ROMANTICA "ME CON TE"! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 2,491,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdG7UASMRYk	STRANE COMBINAZIONI DI CIBO! (DISGUSTOSO!!) by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 3,625,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAd6hq3006o	SOFÌ METTE L' APPARECCHIO AI DENTI DAL DENTISTA! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 9 minutes, 1 second 8,011,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxMAm1TTEWg	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI DA LUÌ MAGGIORDOMO! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 5,835,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPoL4ylQXxs	LUÌ CREDE DI ESSERE IL MAGGIORDOMO DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 2,902,565 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucIvlWD3dHo	SCHERZO A SOFÌ! LE HO NASCOSTO L' IPHONE!! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 3,693,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK9de5lX8eM	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI DAL DINOSAURO! by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 10,430,194 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8vGGY9zshA	CIBO GOMMOSO vs CIBO NORMALE by Me contro Te IT 7 months ago 12 minutes, 31 seconds 7,546,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04f7rOsTWE4	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI NASCOSTI DA SOFÌ MAMMA PAZZA! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 10 minutes, 20 seconds 10,284,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYL53rXxcZw	IL NOSTRO PRIMO CD MUSICALE! *NUOVE CANZONI* by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 1,317,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLLsSNlIBlo	MANGIARE SOLO UN COLORE DI CIBO PER 24 ORE! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 4,836,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0Rl-HrJfvc	3 SEGRETI CHE NON SAI SU "ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - LA VENDETTA DEL SIGNOR S" by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 5,579,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_vSNaLplJQ	SOFÌ MANGIA DELLE SCARPE DI CIOCCOLATO! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 7 minutes, 40 seconds 8,801,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZZCAjDpjvg	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI DA CICCIO PASTICCIO! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 10,821,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1UacpPyqQ0	TROVA LO SLIME NASCOSTO DA PERFIDIA L'ASSISTENTE DEL SIGNOR S! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 12,698,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSrEXzDsa2w	TOUR DEL LABORATORIO DEL SIGNOR S! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 7,939,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppKst7imCWI	RICCHI vs POVERI AL CINEMA! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 8,254,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jau91UdyYJA	INTERVISTA DOPPIA ME CONTRO TE vs CLONI! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 7,054,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTr7HP7226w	COREOGRAFIA NUOVA CANZONE ME CONTRO TE "INSIEME"! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 4,200,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2oVi3XTGfg	PROVIAMO IL VERO SLIME DEL SIGNOR S! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 3,957,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUGOfUcYLko	SOFÌ È L'EDICOLANTE PAZZA CON LE FIGURINE DI "ME CONTRO TE IL FILM" by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 5,608,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywcrTO4s8Ck	IL SIGNOR S HA RAPITO I ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 2 minutes, 57 seconds 5,315,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVLDC8Avtac	SOFÌ INCINTA PER 24 ORE!! *È IMPAZZITA* by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 4,051,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofYm9yD2Q2U	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - LA VENDETTA DEL SIGNOR S | Andiamo al Cinema! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 2,505,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mR3982Tx22g	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI NASCOSTI SLIME DELL' INFERMIERE PAZZO! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 12,474,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE-siUc_z_A	DRAW MY LIFE DEL SIGNOR S! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 4,515,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Orct6b6hUgI	NON SCEGLIERE L'HAPPY MEAL SLIME SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 15 minutes 5,841,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYTN0VmzZMY	TAGLIO I CAPELLI A SOFÌ!!! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 3,648,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZc56Nua7rI	NASCONDINO NEI COLORI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 3,847,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtJcU6qJwzY	LUÌ E SOFÌ SONNAMBULI FANNO LO SLIME DI NOTTE! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 3,703,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzawD2XQBVs	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI SLIME NASCOSTI DALLA SOFÌ BEFANA! by Me contro Te IT 8 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 10,525,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzgLjv7SY28	NON SCEGLIERE LA CALZA DELLA BEFANA DI SLIME SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 5,681,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqnuQYadEdY	TOUR DELLA CASA DEI ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 2,396,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dss8sEFwFVw	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - LA VENDETTA DEL SIGNOR S | Scena "Cadono a Terra" by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 43 seconds 6,831,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9pfKTS7oFQ	MANGIARE SOLO UN COLORE DI CIBO PER 24 ORE!!! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 14 minutes, 11 seconds 14,399,189 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmGqN8DKjDU	ME CONTRO TE - PERCHÈ IL 2019 È STATO COSÌ DIVERTENTE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 13 minutes, 13 seconds 2,707,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeE1srTHfeY	SLIME ART CHALLENGE! Disegnare il "Signor S" con lo slime! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 4,257,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFScu0NSGmA	SLIME BENDATI CON LE NEVE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 3,215,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mt2zuXJQXkc	INDOVINA IL COLORE DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 4,936,988 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bxo2-42XQXQ	APRIAMO I REGALI DI NATALE! Scherzo a Luì! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 9 minutes, 19 seconds 4,068,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA6WpINNCJk	NON SCEGLIERE LA SCATOLA REGALO DI SLIME SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 2,542,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_Z6QL0O1p4	RICCHI vs POVERI A NATALE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 7,353,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ynpc1yMMdxI	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: CUCINA PIENA DI CARTA DA REGALO!! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 2,595,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XIKDe5iShI	PANCAKE ART CHALLENGE DI NATALE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 13 minutes, 47 seconds 6,279,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LR5vTKNFLAk	NON SCEGLIERE IL SECCHIO SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 1,839,733 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grsX2X02ipo	SE INDOVINI IL PREZZO TI COMPRO IL REGALO DI NATALE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 5,126,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0d8LTuigOA	3 COLORI DI COLLA SLIME DI NATALE CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 14 minutes, 44 seconds 3,839,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ogJVTE9Tj4	MORNING ROUTINE ESTATE vs INVERNO!! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 12,521,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LF3SlLcKd4Q	SE INDOVINI IL COLORE DELLO SLIME VINCI! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 4,955,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfwWkytB9nU	SE INDOVINI IL PREZZO LO TIENI! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 4,272,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oepo0SNmXuw	COME FARE I CRISTALLI IN CASA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 1,460,257 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD88fEG1lBw	NON ROMPERE LA PALLINA DI NATALE SLIME SBAGLIATA! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 4,862,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3umYOcN0icw	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI DA LUÌ SONNAMBULO! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 15,273,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-nows5mHX8	GRANDE vs PICCOLO! SCAMBIA LA SCATOLA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 5,024,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVm3cmVjRIw	HO DIMENTICATO IL SUO COMPLEANNO! SCHERZO A LUÌ!! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 2,984,219 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_dKcvV0cuQ	TROVA INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI ALLE 3 DI NOTTE! by Me contro Te IT 9 months ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 7,883,321 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DOOr7QjvDU	SOFÌ CREDE DI ESSERE INCINTA! *Scherzo a Luì!!* by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 5,516,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=At6BrKmQ7-Y	NON SCEGLIERE LA BIBITA SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 5,059,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWtIyW5G6a0	FACCIAMO IL TIK TOK DELLA NUOVA CANZONE DEL SIGNOR S! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 1,472,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCbp8acbjyE	FACCIAMO L'ALBERO DI NATALE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 1,605,753 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fldXvchXUE4	DON'T CHOOSE THE WRONG POP CORN SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 3,490,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wy-T08ne80w	SCHERZO A LUÌ! HO FATTO LA PARODIA DEL FILM!! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 3,813,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzemyaqdQfs	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - LA VENDETTA DEL SIGNOR S (Trailer) by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 1 minute, 1 second 11,697,989 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAUJva-YJpM	COME FARE IL PONGO IN CASA! Esperimenti Pazzi!! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 8,719,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzJcFam9UTo	SLIME ART CHALLENGE 2! Dipingere con lo slime Topolino e Minnie! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 7,699,688 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNayj9XezDo	RISPONDIAMO ALLE DOMANDE SU "ME CONTRO TE IL FILM" by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 1,597,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cs4R300TNy0	SOFÌ CREDE DI ESSERE UNA MAMMA PAZZA PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 2,896,352 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i6wh-o38tY	CHI SMETTE DI MESCOLARE LO SLIME PERDE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 4,773,321 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_R-nCTqs0H4	NON SCEGLIERE IL PALLONCINO SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 4,945,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOzKfLBJBuc	UN GIORNO PRINCIPE E PRINCIPESSA IN UN CASTELLO! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 8,012,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gToOIz4z_zQ	MORNING ROUTINE PRINCIPE E PRINCIPESSA! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 4,888,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE2mpfxOTsw	MAKE UP SLIME CHALLENGE! Non Scegliere i Trucchi Sbagliati! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 12 minutes, 10 seconds 17,228,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auCgodO38nA	24 ORE SENZA TECNOLOGIA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 6,306,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQbCMuuvV6E	SLIME ART CHALLENGE Mystery Wheel & How To Make Minions Diy Art by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 3,771,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkiA0XhZNDM	COPIO LUÌ PER 24 ORE CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 5,860,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzbgpw63u4Y	COME FARE IL PROFUMO E SAPONE IN CASA! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 1,370,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLSqPu7I9IQ	L'IPHONE DECIDE GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 9,556,531 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JcCnned9oo	RICORDA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME! *MEMORY SLIME CHALLENGE* by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 14 minutes, 51 seconds 8,716,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54IJWnL8xzY	24 HOURS BATHROOM CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 14 minutes, 43 seconds 5,083,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhJZs1cMUig	SINGLE CHILD vs SIBLINGS by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 6,474,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwDzqVbFOyg	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME NASCOSTI DA SOFÌ SONNAMBULA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 13 minutes, 9 seconds 4,062,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VPUebsmppo	TESTA O CROCE? LA MONETA DECIDE LA NOSTRA VITA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 3,490,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBruJLAi9Bs	NON SCEGLIERE LO SNACK SBAGLIATO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 10 months ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 5,989,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3i22eUFNZos	COPIO LA MIA RAGAZZA PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 7,640,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfTIpakMTlI	HEADS OR TAILS?! THE COIN TOSS CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 3,531,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFKqyT3i8i4	LUÌ È DIVENTATO SONNAMBULO!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 13 minutes, 33 seconds 3,179,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnPAH3UMgFI	SE INDOVINI IL PREZZO TE LO COMPRO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 4,675,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la9l9ch11fk	MORNING ROUTINE IN VIAGGIO!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,536,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg490xR3a-k	NON SCEGLIERE LA ZUCCA DI HALLOWEEN SLIME SBAGLIATA! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 2,930,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW7ZC9RaOBM	CERCA GLI INGREDIENTI NASCOSTI DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 6,383,803 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LkkbX2N0d4	CUCINARE DOLCI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 2,929,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Suqt-LfA7AQ	PANCAKE ART CHALLENGE DI HALLOWEEN 2! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 3,702,482 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG2es1gkv00	NON SCEGLIERE IL PENTOLE DI SLIME SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 4,740,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBSS1r7-_9s	SVEGLIO SOFÌ SONNAMBULA! CHE SUCCEDERÀ?! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 7 minutes, 28 seconds 2,711,592 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnYBC0WWkYM	SOFÌ È DIVENTATA SONNAMBULA!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 3,708,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJva5NwUPZQ	SIAMO DIVENTATI PICCOLI!! (Collezione Luì e Sofì scambia vestiti) by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 1,156,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwjjWvkULd8	MAI FARE LO SLIME ALLE 3 DI NOTTE CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 4,679,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85txXg-eMx0	MORNING ROUTINE DI HALLOWEEN!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 12,460,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RykmI3c6RQs	NON SCEGLIERE I GUANTI SBAGLIATI SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 5,642,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VYkakE9AiA	PANCAKE ART HALLOWEEN CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 16 minutes 6,039,469 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLR_eZE4SE8	3 COLORI DI COLLA SLIME CHALLENGE DI HALLOWEEN!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 16 minutes 3,932,742 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nk4BzPcFsw	NASCONDINO ALLE 3 DI NOTTE DI HALLOWEEN CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 5,021,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPaV3hUyCT0	PENTOLONE DI GELATINA HALLOWEEN CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 9 minutes, 34 seconds 2,147,082 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c61KL-11d8s	NON SCEGLIERE LA BUSTA DI HALLOWEEN SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 3,508,129 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1m5Yb7hR_c	PROVIAMO IL CIBO SLIME! (Skifidol Food Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 9 minutes, 8 seconds 2,296,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4O2oG2LbkHo	24 ORE CON I TACCHI A SPILLO CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 12 minutes, 51 seconds 4,342,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPKbKzYDKg8	LE NOSTRE NUOVE CARD MUSICALI!! by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 8 minutes, 36 seconds 1,415,910 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhN3hqwlkwU	CASA NOSTRA È DIVENTATA DEL CONTE DRACULA! *Halloween* by Me contro Te IT 11 months ago 14 minutes 5,467,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDv3XBEkwQE	ULTIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA DEI ME CONTRO TE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 2,383,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZInfHULXuzM	NON SCEGLIERE L' ARMADIETTO SBAGLIATO SLIME CHALLENGE!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 3,671,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrjj0b77Q-o	OBBLIGO O VERITÀ A SCUOLA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 4,388,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXjyCQH570	MAESTRA DI ARTE!! (La Scuola dei Me contro Te) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 6,685,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-h3oBv7Rxg	RICCHI vs POVERI A SCUOLA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 37 seconds 9,994,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yU5FskB4wA	NON SCEGLIERE LO SHAMPOO SBAGLIATO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 4,644,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKBxzsImR9g	IL MAESTRO DI ATTIVITÀ FISICA!! (Scuola dei Me contro Te) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 5,345,175 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2EMOj-yHiI	SOFÌ APRE LA SCATOLA DELLE PUNIZIONI! (Scuola Me contro Te) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 1 second 4,943,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZKveVROZok	SOFÌ SI TRUCCA A SCUOLA E LA PRESIDE LA SCOPRE!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 16 minutes 6,982,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj_jOgzHq74	NON SCEGLIERE IL BORSELLINO SBAGLIATO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 3,805,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASj4HjVZyLY	5 SCHERZI DA FARE A SCUOLA! Back To School Prank!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 8,100,064 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tprtIUzbGgc	SCHERZO A SOFÌ! NUOVO IPHONE NASCOSTO IN CASA!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,665,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkkcmjFZ9Jg	IL MAESTRO DI MATEMATICA A SCUOLA! Back To School!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 4,599,696 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi9WbJLKyuY	FARE LO SLIME A SCUOLA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 3,744,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMf06_LeqWc	LA NOSTRA COLLEZIONE DI SCARPE! Back To School!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 1,064,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrRu71wfqU0	LA MAESTRA DI ITALIANO A SCUOLA! Back To School!!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 6,070,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pz4S0O27Ljc	PRIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 59 seconds 3,084,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlS6nOHS6qI	DOBBIAMO TORNARE ALLE SCUOLA ELEMENTARI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 2,433,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScSvUvDpcSA	BACK TO SCHOOL SWITCH UP CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,097,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnPMFYNlAQs	SCHERZO A SOFÌ! STANZA PIENA DI PALLONCINI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 3,288,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBpXN-qrs4c	👟 FACCIAMO LE SCARPE DEI ME CONTRO TE!! *Fabbrica di Scarpe Incredibile* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 5,650,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUbL0bCphzY	MORNING ROUTINE!! SCHOOL vs HOLIDAY by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 8,608,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgR1r3S-hk0	COMPRIAMO TUTTO IL MENÙ DEL MCDONALD'S! *Panini Mai Visti Prima* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 18 minutes 7,548,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVAGAdmW0bk	SLIME VECCHI DI 1 ANNO! *Non crederete come sono diventati!!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 7,199,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOWGpDSA20s	SLIME CHALLENGE! NON ROVESCIARE IL BICCHIERE SBAGLIATO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 1 second 5,707,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7m52DPWEdHg	LUÌ CADE IN PISCINA CON L' HOVERBOARD LEGATO AI PIEDI! SCHERZO FOLLE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 4,275,787 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV6oXAm4lXc	COCA COLA + MENTOS + PALLOCINI = ESPERIMENTO PAZZO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 3,005,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b-8IalsiW8	BACK TO SCHOOL 2019! *Tutte le cose per la scuola!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 2,881,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7di39pBeHjs	PISCINA PIENA DI PESCECANE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 7,522,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg2k_XFr5xQ	VESTIRSI SOTT'ACQUA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 15 minutes 7,790,141 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT5D53WyxPY	BAGNO SOFÌ CON L' ACQUA PER 24 ORE SCHERZO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 8,018,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfGXq4Qu3Qo	PAUSA CHALLENGE IN PISCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 9,135,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rq_yGh7M1oM	VIVIAMO 24 ORE IN PISCINA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 6,422,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aj0Jje9BvM8	GARA DI TUFFI IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 5,746,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGjcEnNib48	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI SLIME NASCOSTI IN PISCINA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 26 seconds 8,026,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZoAyEgst2Y	OUR PUPPY IS BACK! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes 5,041,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOB6QXYaJKM	ME CONTRO TE IL FILM - LA VENDETTA DEL SIGNOR S! (Prossimamente al cinema) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 4,484,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbIghbEZBac	SHE IS NO LONGER A MERMAID!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 8,294,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyZ3MbImktA	TROVIAMO UN BAULE MISTERIOSO IN PISCINA! *Signor S* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 4,806,872 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4w5y7TARFE	NON SPINGERE LA SCATOLA SBAGLIATA IN PISCINA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 34 seconds 6,471,868 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAM16BsNKjM	It's happened something strange to his mermaid tail... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 7,498,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyzqNQ6_qvI	VIVIAMO IN UNA CASA SOTT'ACQUA! *challenge impossibile* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 10 seconds 9,763,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xcrIlXv9hk	SLIME UNDERWATER CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 4,464,363 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkb6XWUfa4Y	GIOCO D'ACQUA DEL TORO IN PISCINA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 2,639,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0-W67M6IYc	PISCINA PICCOLA DENTRO PISCINA GRANDE! *PROVA DEL SIGNOR S* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 4,239,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymSj_7X2O_E	NON SCEGLIERE LA PISCINA SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 10,545,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ6KapGG8U4	SCHERZO SLIME IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 9,638,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjvGwA1iR_8	CHI CADE DAL GONFIABILE PERDE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 5,313,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aM9ePQxbEi0	CAMMINARE SU UNA PISCINA PIENA DI GONFIABILI! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 4,844,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1iJlh9P4sM	NON SCEGLIERE IL PALLONCINO SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE! *Prova del Signor S* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 19 seconds 5,872,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mbhejx6piq0	SCHERZO BUTTO SOFÌ IN PISCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 5,910,687 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko4YrVX5oAY	GARA DI RESISTENZA SOTT'ACQUA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 5,883,987 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj80u875wog	CACCIA AL TESORO DEGLI ZAINI NELLA NUOVA CASA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 2,983,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O78m_MMrm5E	BAGNO IN PISCINA DA SIRENA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 5,741,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4ZJhNqDWdc	IL SIGNOR S CI HA MANDATO IN QUESTA NUOVA CASA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 4,936,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2_WqfU2hwc	SOFÌ DICE TUTTA LA VERITÀ SULLA SIRENA A LUÌ! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 8,602,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ni2iPaNdL_g	ANGURIA CHALLENGE CON L'ACQUA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 4,177,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m5ijR_tESs	DICO SOLO BUGIE PER 24 ORE CHALLENGE! *Non sono una sirena!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 5,814,238 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z7MkxWbNF8	SOFÌ È DIVENTATA UNA SIRENA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 1 second 4,424,307 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMGaO4jy84s	IL PESCIOLINO ROSSO È SCOMPARSO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 3,312,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrQqjpC_K4A	PORTIAMO IL PESCIOLINO ROSSO IN GIRO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 3,513,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHKXt99EcUA	ABBIAMO UN NUOVO CUCCIOLO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 3,815,034 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFFxA0wnYJc	NON SCEGLIERE LA LATTINA SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 2,828,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMUKBnNXBOc	METTO IL MIO RAGAZZO DENTRO UN PALLONCINO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 4,284,114 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-utS64OeJ2Y	NON SCEGLIERE L' ESTATHE SLIME SBAGLIATO CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 4,351,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3_NsbMo3h4	VIVIAMO 24 ORE NEL BALCONE DI CASA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 6,542,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXfWuLc6q6U	NON SCEGLIERE LA FANTA SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 6 seconds 4,522,695 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdIcDoMq0vA	ANDIAMO IN PISCINA MA SOFÌ NON PUÒ FARE IL BAGNO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 11,349,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRBXrqCIjHM	COMPRO TUTTO QUELLO CHE TOCCHI CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 8,500,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FHmUnoj6WA	TUTTA LA NOTTE IN UNA CAPANNA NELLA FORESTA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 2,387,466 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSZDyE-g_Dg	FARE UNA TRECCINA COLORATA A SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 3,064,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tt2TQmGgosY	NON SCEGLIERE LA PEPSI SBAGLIATA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 3,451,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrBLsx2E8nA	IL DIARIO DELLA SCUOLA DEI ME CONTRO TE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 943,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1l58JLC7L4	ALFABETO GINNASTICA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 3,367,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBQ1o1R6Xl4	NON SCEGLIERE LA COCA COLA SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 5,541,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7d2S2Ob0Mc	LA CUGINETTA DI SOFÌ VUOLE GIOCARE CON LA PISCINA DI PALLINE COLORATE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 16,107,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNVAC5rtA2Q	FARE UNA BOLLA GIGANTE DI SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 6,738,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5WwdTDGSOk	NON DEVO SVEGLIARE LUÌ MENTRE DORME CON GLI SCHERZI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 5,254,066 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhrpMZ-qT5I	FARE LO SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI ARANCIONI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 42 seconds 4,266,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r15ebw8TfiU	ADDESTRATORI DI CUCCIOLI PER UN GIORNO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 9,780,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IBoRtcb8DA	FARE LO SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI NERI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 16 minutes 6,771,924 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah8c4GSOdIE	LA CUGINETTA DI SOFÌ VUOLE GIOCARE CON LA CUCINA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 57 seconds 17,078,842 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNdEcdG-zFY	FARE LO SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI VERDI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 4,751,249 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PEoZtyF9kU	MAKE UP ROUTINE DI SOFÌ SUL SET! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 1 second 2,869,899 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsaD306Gv_A	UN RAGNO IN FACCIA A SOFÌ MENTRE DORME SCHERZO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 4,583,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai-fi3DwfYQ	BAMBINI FANNO LA NOSTRA IMITAZIONE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 13 seconds 1,421,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBCseayDzv0	FARE LO SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI AZZURRI CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 40 seconds 6,512,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOTMhCz_1OY	LUÌ HA RUBATO IL TROFEO DEL DISNEY CHALLENGE SHOW!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 3 minutes, 35 seconds 2,725,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuoqW4n5PP0	GIOCO DELLA SEDIA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 49 seconds 1,417,618 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI9b72CxkOA	LA TRAPPOLA DEL SERPENTE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 2,824,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JY0GzzDbDLo	FARE LO SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI ROSA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 6,277,438 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haqWZUtPsy0	La CUGINETTA di SOFÌ gioca ad ANNA & ELSA nel CASTELLO di FROZEN! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 12,866,137 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvozgZEkigo	SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI GIALLI CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 36 seconds 6,013,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSslTQvN7sM	UOVA IN TESTA! (Egg Roulette Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 3 seconds 395,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSYeNKA7Aqk	PIC NIC AL PARCO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 3,667,856 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RprrGNowD4k	SOFFIA LA PALLINA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 47 seconds 296,419 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy_jvoT5TWI	SLIME SOLO CON INGREDIENTI VIOLA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 6,806,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkwSI91Mwac	GARA DI TABELLINE DI MATEMATICA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 29 seconds 779,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDErkOXKNWY	VIVIAMO 24 ORE IN ORDINE ALFABETICO CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 5,834,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF7_uWylhkA	VASCA DA BAGNO PIENA DI SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 3,032,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hULQ9tT661E	SIAMO DENTRO UN IGLOO DI GHIACCIO AL MARE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 3 seconds 3,585,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj11B3eqspQ	ANDIAMO IN SPAGNA!! - Me contro Te a Barcellona! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 3,081,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeceNtBvyFU	LO SCONTRO FINALE CON IL GORILLA DEL SIGNOR S!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 10,888,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UUdtI3u1XU	SCHERZO A SOFÌ UOVA IN TESTA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 10 seconds 1,290,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJwozZ6vp6g	INCONTRIAMO IL GORILLA DEL SIGNOR S NELLA CASA SULL'ALBERO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 9,374,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0VxUphqM04	PISCINA PIENA DI POLISTIROLO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 25 seconds 751,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq3raLPR0hU	3 DI NOTTE NELLA CASA SULL'ALBERO DEL GORILLA DEL SIGNOR S!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 23 seconds 5,772,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVdT3NFte3g	PISCINA PIENA DI SLIME!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 32 seconds 495,100 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I8_-W1N1yo	I BAMBINI CI IGNORANO PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 7,648,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ2sr8DIVmg	LA CASA SULL' ALBERO DEL GORILLA DEL SIGNOR S!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 7,917,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea3NZa9oxZQ	CERCHIAMO IL GORILLA DEL SIGNOR S NELLA FORESTA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 29 seconds 7,754,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I85mrZE0jO8	SCOPRIAMO CHI È ENTRATO IN CASA NOSTRA CON LE TELECAMERE!! *SIGNOR S* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 6,175,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFbdTuZgTpc	IL SIGNOR S È ENTRATO IN CASA NOSTRA... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 5,368,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqnNlHKojw8	PROVA A NON RIDERE CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 42 seconds 1,309,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c6MYoWPTWI	IL SIGNOR S CI HA CHIAMATO AL TELEFONO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 5,656,671 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4GSACvtndo	SCOPPIA I PALLONCINI COL SEDERE CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 7 seconds 423,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pQL3GwpQZY	APRIAMO LA SCATOLA MISTERIOSA DEL SIGNOR S!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,243,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aK31Q5DBthE	CACCIA AL TESORO IN UNA PISCINA DI POLISTIROLO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 59 seconds 524,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFbKMpniOJM	DIPINGERE CON LE MANI GIGANTI CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 708,271 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4CnhZFv-R4	IL SIGNOR S HA NASCOSTO UNA SCATOLA MISTERIOSA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 6,838,769 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30LcDi3NVL4	LA CUGINETTA DI SOFÌ CI DA UNA LETTERA DEL SIGNOR S!! *24 ORE BABYSITTER* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 22,598,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjFVBYc2ves	HO IPNOTIZZATO IL MIO RAGAZZO! (IL SIGNOR S È TORNATO!!) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 8,060,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdtruKLTD04	FARE BOLLE CON LO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 50 seconds 4,725,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBzUQECwV2w	BAMBINI IMITANO LE NOSTRE FOTO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 43 seconds 1,101,966 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKuhWmoadpg	NON SCEGLIERE LA CANNUCCIA SBAGLIATA CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 10,058,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jyd7CmOv_gw	PALLINE NEL CANESTRO IN TESTA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 37 seconds 714,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61DkKhPN7Hw	SCAMBIA IL PULSANTE DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 7,118,289 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtlbmAYUSkc	COME FARE LO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 30 seconds 482,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htatzwuNEtU	TAPPETO SAPONATO CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 10 seconds 438,991 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv-vdzT3QgE	HO CHIUSO LUÌ NELLA STANZA CON I BICCHIERI SCHERZO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 2,860,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTA4NUuou9I	3 COLORI DI "MINI" COLLE SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 5,447,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM7VtFKtJvo	HO ROVINATO GLI OCCHIALI PREFERITI DI SOFÌ SCHERZO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,536,387 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QWOMUxJhlY	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 3,100,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQrCsRD_aX4	SOFÌ INSEGNA COME FARE LE TRECCE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 32 seconds 3,976,432 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSca-Irbkos	NONNA GRANNY ALLE 3 DI NOTTE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 4,994,128 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkYkmCZSS5o	YOGA E ACCROBAZIE CON LE SQUADRE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 38 seconds 6,534,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQllAfN5Mn0	GIOCO DA TAVOLA GIGANTE DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 16 seconds 9,610,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrQHEyDlGbY	NON SCEGLIERE IL SECCHIO SBAGLIATO!!! (Shower Quiz Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 7 seconds 2,212,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smvRxQdw5fc	CORONA DI CIBO CHALLENGE!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 3,362,136 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7g_16zSEVw	ANDIAMO AL "DISNEY CHALLENGE SHOW" PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 11 seconds 498,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0qu_apvSmM	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 12 seconds 3,979,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3DwnGvSS5I	NON PREMERE IL PULSANTE SBAGLIATO!! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 44 seconds 7,090,905 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZrqpFowsQw	HO PERSO LA MEMORIA!! SCHERZO A SOFÌ!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 5,984,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRc4PomTV54	FARE LO SLIME IN ORDINE ALFABETICO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 6,486,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzebTc8VD-s	TROVA IL TROFEO DEL DISNEY CHALLENGE SHOW! *L'abbiamo perso al parco!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,868,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5P1gt0yDW-k	SOFÌ SPEGNE LE CANDELINE PER IL SUO COMPLEANNO IN DIRETTA! by Me contro Te IT Streamed 1 year ago 22 minutes 3,447,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4vjj0UPvjU	GIOCO DA TAVOLA GIGANTE CHALLENGE!!! Vincitore prende 500€!!!!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 18 minutes 5,480,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5STP4AQwTl0	FACCIAMO IL NOSTRO NUOVO FANTALIBRO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 1,584,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXqyKdOX94U	LA NOSTRA NUOVA CANZONE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 666,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovzGspd-GfY	IL CIRCO DEI ME CONTRO TE - Documentario by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 1,687,503 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqYmVM8FqR0	NON SCEGLIERE LA SCATOLA DI CEREALI SBAGLIATA! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 2,707,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsfH51j1P4Q	NON PARLARE PER 24 ORE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 5,810,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFcYxSfdulk	FARE LO SLIME NEL FRULLATORE! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 6,534,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TJd5ikN2Js	BALLI DI FORTNITE CHALLENGE! (Fortnite Stampers Dance) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 4,969,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1aLbsOayAs	FARE LO SLIME CON 100 BARATTOLI DI GLITTER! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 44 seconds 8,845,061 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQ3ilqvjWkA	BABYSITTER DELLA CUGINETTA DI SOFÌ PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 22,821,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIe5ecf-q1M	SOFÌ È DIVENTATA INVISIBILE! (SCHERZO RIUSCITO) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 7,109,619 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV48-RnIbs8	NON SCEGLIERE LO ZAINO SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 9,159,290 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMF96ENNeuQ	GIOCHIAMO ALLA NONNINA PAZZA GRANNY! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 15 minutes 4,155,786 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGCC9psa9OE	IL MIO RAGAZZO PROVA GLI OGGETTI DELLE RAGAZZA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 56 seconds 7,104,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTrzpCv6LwI	LO TIENI O LO SCARTI SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 25 seconds 6,628,480 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7O_u-tWBsc	NON PUOI DIRE NO PER 24 ORE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 6,508,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee7szUzgDug	SCOPPIO PALLONCINI A LUÌ PER 24 ORE! *SCHERZO* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 5 seconds 10,533,265 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luHoWBM8Siw	NON SCEGLIERE LA SAC A POCHE SBAGLIATA! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 45 seconds 9,400,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGWdqgACVUY	NON PESTARE LA CACCA SBAGLIATA DI UNICORNO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 1 second 4,378,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-eOHwLwSuE	NON SCEGLIERE IL COLORE A TEMPERA SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 7,849,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LciJq6K2O0	DIPINGERE BENDATI E CON I PIEDI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 48 seconds 5,959,176 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQbM5FmXnok	NON SCEGLIERE IL PONGO SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 19 seconds 8,748,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rx6yK9Q9tmc	ROMPIAMO UN UOVO DI PASQUA GIGANTE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 7,230,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G00wNG6T_44	PASTICCIERI PER UN GIORNO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 34 seconds 11,616,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY_O9gScnLQ	NON SCEGLIERE L'UOVO DI PASQUA SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 4,495,008 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhmK7B8xxD0	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: MURO DI PALLONCINI COLORATI! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 5,809,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8cWrEXDm7U	PAUSA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 16 seconds 8,685,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfYSlWqXAWM	APRIAMO LE UOVA DI PASQUA GIGANTI GIOCATTOLO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 10,746,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q71rfwB2sRo	NON SCEGLIERE LA SCATOLA CON I SOLDI SBAGLIATA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 6,180,397 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzsGs72G7dA	SCHIACCIA IL PALLONCINO E SCEGLI L'INGREDIENTE DELLO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 52 seconds 2,986,855 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCslzIj7SyQ	SOFÌ È LUÌ DIPINGONO! - Challenge by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 3,466,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HedJP8Iffw	CIBO REALE vs CIBO PER NEONATI by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 5,708,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCL8NocmYyk	IL PALLONCINO CHE SCOPPIA DECIDE L'INGREDIENTE DELLO SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 3,713,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q54x4MBxdkc	SCHERZO DEI ME CONTRO TE IN UNA SCUOLA: Si fingono insegnanti! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 47 seconds 8,794,230 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErZdhJE5hSI	SE COLPISCI, LO BAGNI CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 3,996,636 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-Kgl_EuRMQ	TROVA I TUOI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 10,069,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5dMtkTbvEE	DIPINGI L'ALTRO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 12,203,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUXE8B0l8GY	NO PIATTO, NO CUCCHIAIO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 3,480,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pbaf-64u1qM	REGALIAMO KIRA E RAY! [CONCORSO] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 1,379,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h6sY3YdrB8	NON SCEGLIERE IL SAPONE SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,786,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEaElxg56H0	TROVA GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 9,806,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhHisM6Ycsc	IL PAVIMENTO È LAVA! - The Floor Is Lava Challenge by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 2 seconds 3,265,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D78AbUmGPs	La RUOTA del MISTERO decide gli INGREDIENTI dello SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,587,879 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE3U2-Wrx7A	24 ORE BENDATO A LONDRA! *Challenge Impossibile* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 2,213,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sow7Iud1ahk	ANDIAMO A LONDRA! *Incontriamo i cuccioli di Dalmata* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 10,044,264 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn91X29bH-k	BAGNETTO A RAY NELLA VASCA PIENA DI SCHIUMA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 3,530,840 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai-4Y-0tJlg	LE FRECCETTE DECIDONO GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 5,376,780 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_n5vagYDxI	SVELIAMO LA SORPRESA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 23 seconds 1,105,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83eXMDqgq20	3 COLORI DI COLLA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 9,678,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIhXPMchHXE	LA RUOTA DEL MISTERO DECIDE IL NOSTRO TRUCCO MAKE UP!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 5,507,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J14fQDSWC6s	NON SCAMBIARE LA SCATOLA MISTERIOSA DELLO SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 8,949,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSOQEgBHMAE	LANCIAMO LE FRECCETTE E COMPRIAMO QUELLO CHE COLPIAMO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 5,557,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1BamK6QAiM	IL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO SCEGLIE GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 11,958,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-g2IQVJGR8	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: DINOSAURO IN CASA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 7 seconds 2,665,957 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rM82xaKazy0	PROVIAMO GLI ORIGAMIX! (Creazioni Incredibili) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 2,316,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THe0m1eQAEw	24 ORE BENDATI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 3,073,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-HIa8SnP6g	NON SCEGLIERE LO SHAMPOO SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 10,126,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jxf9eN9TJ8	LUÌ È STATO MESSO IN PUNIZIONE!! (Il Collegio 3) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 4,408,371 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5VIRMKYjWA	IL TAGLIO DEI CAPELLI DI LUÌ NEL COLLEGIO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 5,874,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdvgWJ5rkEs	SIAMO NEL COLLEGIO 3! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,453,782 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTz4_Mq61Mo	NON SCEGLIERE LA COCA COLA SBAGLIATA! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 10,370,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxeyMOfeSBQ	TINY HANDS CHALLENGE (Shokkybandz) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 4,947,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpl_9EG8Fvo	🔴 FINE DEI TOYS?! Adesso che succede? by Me contro Te IT Streamed 1 year ago 9 minutes, 46 seconds 875,718 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0XY17tx7ms	LE FRECCETTE SCELGONO GLI INGREDIENTI DELLO SLIME! - Challenge by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 3,078,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H41R6dxAOfg	NASCONDINO BENDATI CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 4,693,465 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5I3M341d7Y	SCAMBIA LA SCATOLA DI CARNEVALE CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 7,338,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9Qc8njx2og	FARE IL CIBO DI SLIME CHALLENGE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 49 seconds 7,269,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2ZxAgIUBiU	PROVIAMO LO SLIME SKIFIDOL ORIGINAL! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 1,590,389 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24TQsvcp780	FARE LO SLIME IN MINIATURA! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 17 seconds 2,763,915 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1NLcIBMJ68	LA RUOTA DEL MISTERO DECIDE IL NOSTRO COSTUME DI CARNEVALE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 5,141,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTE0KJ0XFAU	CUCCIOLO REAGISCE A CANE FINTO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 59 seconds 2,773,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNnXAFjDxtw	I FRATELLI DI LUÌ! Super Pigiamini PJ Masks!! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 2,338,046 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiOP_UHOTaM	TELEPATIA DEI GEMELLI SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 8,216,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jvA7BuKM1o	ANDIAMO AL PARCO COL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 3,038,717 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykXWnXU4N4c	LA MACCHINA DEI SOGNI DI SOFÌ! - Regalo di mamma e papà - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 1,581,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP7GfEsesGk	OGGETTI REALI vs PICCOLISSIMI!! - Tieni o Passi?! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 5,016,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLVhe2Zymv0	RAY IN AEREO! *Il primo viaggio del nostro cucciolo* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 5,106,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrHZeN5QwRA	ELSA & ANNA SLIME! La zia ha portato i regali! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,997,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOqyOPm46p8	VENDETTA A SOFÌ: L'HO CHIUSA FUORI NEL BALCONE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 4,270,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbPjve8Ab58	SLIME BENDATI CHALLENGE! *Scherzo finito male!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 53 seconds 5,457,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VkDlUHJXjM	ELSA È TORNATA! La zia di Sofì! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,458,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r64v7zO-qRM	RICONOSCI IL TUO RAGAZZO DA BENDATO!? by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 9,766,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a22fA7MNO3g	La RUOTA DEL MISTERO decide il nostro APPUNTAMENTO D'AMORE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 9,237,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqtkLqrd9K0	LUÌ INCONTRA I MIEI GENITORI! Imbarazzante! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 58 seconds 3,612,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFTAI3uSqsE	NON SAPEVO QUESTO DEL MIO RAGAZZO! *Domande di San Valentino!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 2,960,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbPIRdqcQBg	BABY SHARK (TUTORIAL DANCE ITA) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 3,309,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiyBk3QqBU4	COLAZIONE CON SOFÌ, ELSA, ANNA, MAMMA E PAPÀ! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 2,112,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf2T_slNL7g	NON SCEGLIERE SCATOLA SBAGLIATA! *Slime Challenge* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 1 second 10,434,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUfQSPPxMpI	NON PESTARE LA CACCA! *non pestarla challenge* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 7,575,463 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fZwkH_N4Ko	ELSA & ANNA SULLO SCIVOLO! Non fanno i compiti! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 3,393,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvixr0iq1og	BARBIE MAKEUP CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 3 seconds 5,453,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBiwOjhTfYk	PAUSA CHALLENGE con la MIA RAGAZZA per 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 8,292,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPRmt_Di9Ow	LE SORELLE DI SOFÌ! - Elsa e Anna tornano da scuola - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 1,016,349 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlnu5jcRxSY	SCAMBIO I VESTITI COL MIO RAGAZZO! *È stata una pessima idea!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 1,939,667 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbENyNOriqk	5 EURO SHOPPING CHALLENGE! *Chi spenderà meglio i soldi?* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 3,989,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZH20VbfKMM	MIA MAMMA HA SCOPERTO I MIEI VIDEO! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 1,374,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0x_wVebLL8	REALE vs FALSO SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 10,258,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GyUWPRz7Yo	HO PERSO LA MEMORIA SCHERZO AL MIO RAGAZZO! *Ci ha creduto!!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 7,080,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95r9bJJVqW4	SOFÌ BARBIE VIDEO PRESENTAZIONE! - Me contro Te Toys by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 30 seconds 2,690,322 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVt-ICu2Na0	ENTRIAMO NEL MONDO DEI GIOCATTOLI! - *Nuova Serie Me contro Te Toys* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 8,854,211 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUNDHbT9rcQ	QUESTO SLIME È INDISTRUTTIBILE! (Skifidol Slime Super Strong) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 2,611,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAceUOlwwRA	NON SCEGLIERE LO SHAMPOO SBAGLIATO!! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 7,320,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajrVEJxV72c	UN DINOSAURO È ENTRATO IN CASA MIA! *Sofì è diventata un T-Rex* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 1,844,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqCDHmGMf44	SCAMBIO IL PIGIAMA CON LA MIA RAGAZZA! *Troppo Imbarazzante* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 52 seconds 2,182,095 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYLw3HhO3bM	RUOTA MISTERIOSA DELLA PIZZA CHALLENGE! *Disgustosa!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 35 seconds 6,849,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqFbwjCQVlQ	SUMO vs YOGA CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 17 seconds 1,923,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nyM0FB4KVg	NON SCEGLIERE IL DENTIFRICIO SBAGLIATO! (Slime Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 5,177,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg5CqSdlwcE	SCHERZO A LUÌ: LO CHIUDO FUORI CASA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 5,572,569 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcWijubBqAI	NASCONDINO IN CASA TRA LE SCATOLE! *Ho perso Luì!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 5,695,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MCrOBkUL98	FARE LO SLIME BENDATI! *Sofì mi ha fatto uno scherzo!* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 14,642,784 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSlGj0WN4Bk	TUTTA LA NOTTE NEL FORTINO DI SCATOLE! *3:00 di notte challenge* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 5,987,506 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1UGbczj7us	IL FORTINO DI SCATOLE PIÙ GRANDE DEL MONDO! *epico* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 46 seconds 4,157,381 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c1DDVzW6cc	TORTA IN FACCIA CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 8,169,243 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc1-HmEpcWk	NON SCEGLIERE LA SCATOLA SBAGLIATA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 32 seconds 4,738,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMrbBmPWQas	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: MI SONO FATTO UN TATUAGGIO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 59 seconds 5,841,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l11RXnL3s7E	L'ULTIMO CHE ESCE DALLA SCATOLA VINCE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 2,826,472 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFbvvcAwS_4	CACCIA AL TESORO IN UN NEGOZIO LEGO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 6,931,530 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4anXTyql6I	BAGNO IN UNA VASCA PIENA DI ACQUA E GHIACCIO! (Ice Bath Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 39 seconds 9,000,468 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6PpNAevE4Y	24 ORE CON LE MANI PICCOLE CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 5,037,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7FYlG3hDE	SIAMO TORNATI NEI NOSTRI CORPI MA... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 48 seconds 2,028,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7MWRHDo7ow	L'ESPERIMENTO PER SCAMBIARCI I CORPI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 3,510,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CSEC9eWhZU	ANDIAMO DAL DOTTORE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 9,591,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnVcGUDdVLo	MI DEVO TRUCCARE! (CI SIAMO SCAMBIATI I CORPI) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 2,259,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10oeZ0HKyPM	SOFÌ CADE COL MOTOCROSS! (CI SIAMO SCAMBIATI I CORPI) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 3,610,664 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qEK_o9y1kU	SOFÌ E LUÌ SI SCAMBIANO I CORPI! *MALEDIZIONE* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 3,644,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc_MEjRYb2U	LA MALEDIZIONE DI CAPODANNO CI HA COLPITO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 2,760,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS9vU9zdUJ4	VLOG A DISNEYLAND A 360 GRADI! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 1,477,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3oDEUohQPQ	SUMO GIGANTE CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,487,126 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yejWlBlY-gY	SCHERZO A LUÌ: LO METTO IN GABBIA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 5,523,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UJ_q2W9_bs	REAZIONE DI SOFÌ A "Lettera d'amore a Sofì" by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 5 minutes, 45 seconds 4,687,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_ccTryvTbY	COSTRUIAMO LE NOSTRE CASE! (LEGO CHALLENGE) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 50 seconds 4,775,627 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ivC1SfPupo	Lettera d'amore a Sofì. by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 1 minute, 19 seconds 2,229,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBA5hDoRgzE	APRIAMO I REGALI DI NATALE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,932,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fq-3C672RtU	NON ROMPERE LA SCATOLA REGALO SBAGLIATA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 28 seconds 7,005,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfVirhbF374	LEZIONI DI TWERK CON ELETTRA LAMBORGHINI! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 13,828,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xyui9B8YCW4	SOFÌ SI TRASFORMA IN BEFANA PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 37 seconds 2,376,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x60PCVUMyo0	RICONOSCI LA TUA RAGAZZA DA BENDATO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 6,514,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfShpWt63lU	Il giorno in cui Sofì ha pianto... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 2,807,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWwWBLRW5Sw	IL NOSTRO BACIO A DISNEYLAND! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 21 seconds 1,581,478 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86i5TqIpWhU	TOUR DI DISNEYLAND! (Video a 360 Gradi) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes 2,015,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzMjFnvLwlo	ABBIAMO SALVATO IL NATALE... DI NUOVO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,467,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eA4XUmo6SrE	LA RICERCA DEL NANO MALEFICO A DISNEYLAND! [Signor S] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 5,415,296 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qB-lCz_ojZI	CI PREPARIAMO PER LA BATTAGLIA COL NANO MALEFICO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 1,972,484 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbB_fP1U128	VI PRESENTIAMO LA NOSTRA AIUTANTE CRISTINA!! [Signor S] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 3,213,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTJCo-YzmQY	CHI È LA NOSTRA AIUTANTE MISTERIOSA?! [Signor S] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 2,492,919 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOQY2hR3-vM	SVELATO IL NUOVO CATTIVO DEL TEAM DEL SIGNOR S!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 2,749,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDDD7wAxmZU	Viviamo 24 ORE nello STESSO CORPO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 6,771,599 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcG-z9B2pMo	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: VERNICE NEL SAPONE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 4 seconds 4,041,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMdM5bwQfIY	IL LABORATORIO DI ZOMBIE E SLIME! (Creazioni ed Esperimenti Pazzi) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 2,754,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lts2W-X49V4	FESTA DI COMPLEANNO A SORPRESA IN LIMOUSINE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 4,577,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1uzvKbnMlo	UNA COSA MISTERIOSA È SUCCESSA IN CASA!! *Signor S* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,190,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA91R_lUrsc	LUÌ VA IN GIRO CON I CAPELLI SUPER LUNGHI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 2,351,689 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DEQ0awcWGA	VIVERE DA SOLO PER 24 ORE! (esperimento) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 6,595,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RgYr2GfJ5I	VIVO 24 ORE DA SINGLE! (LASCIO IL MIO FIDANZATO) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 5,248,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMqOsD9gH9I	FACCIAMO IL REGALO DI NATALE PER KIRA E RAY! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 2,902,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyC6Zwug30Q	CI LASCIAMO. (Esperimento) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 3,041,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nms6fq0qcs	Gira la RUOTA DEL MISTERO challenge! (1 Giro = 1 Penitenza) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 4,475,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO7uEjZWM9Q	PALLE DI NEVE IN CASA! *Sofì mi odia per questo* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 20 seconds 2,073,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0DBl7y1vbI	È STATA LA COSA PIÙ IMBARAZZANTE MAI FATTA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 40 seconds 1,456,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QI3G9MlCXZ0	MORNING ROUTINE NELLA CASA NUOVA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 10,327,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awPMDx0O6Rs	INDOSSO I VESTITI DI LUÌ PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 23 seconds 1,890,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR1A-0L2miw	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: CASA PIENA DI CARTA SCOPPIETTANTE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 3,274,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpXjbP-LlQQ	FACCIAMO L'ALBERO DI NATALE GIGANTE IN CASA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 2,294,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez6WQG-Kzh4	CHI RIMANE DI PIÙ SUL TAPPETO VINCE! (24 ore challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 5,368,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfvjbVj1bvg	YOGA CHALLENGE! (Sofì si sente male..) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 30 seconds 3,181,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvVcbWmdQCQ	SCHERZO DELLA SCOSSA A IPANTELLAS A CASA DEI ME CONTRO TE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 3,288,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhqAa4ioTTY	PROVIAMO IL LABORATORIO DEI PENNARELLI PROFUMELLI!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 5 minutes, 33 seconds 2,284,401 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti68n0-wB2w	24 ORE CON I CAPELLI SUPER LUNGHI! *è finita male* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 6,043,741 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WatTia-zq1c	LUÌ HA PROVATO IL SIMULATORE DI PARTO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 26 seconds 4,308,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFJTJDjEcUE	TRAMPOLINE PARK CHALLENGE!! [VIDEO A 360 GRADI] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 3,324,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhaFsx7otfo	NASCONDINO NELLA NOSTRA NUOVA CASA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 8 seconds 4,261,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMHKUYYISjI	SONO UN DISASTRO... (Scusa Sofì) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 2,257,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beF6DowKc8M	HO MESSO LA VERNICE NEL SUO SHAMPOO!! *scherzo a Luì* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 25 seconds 5,576,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWq_mghufb8	MACCHINA DELLA VERITÀ CON SCOSSA! *domande scomode* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 9 seconds 4,705,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4NZezYM4W4	TOUR DELLA CASA DEI ME CONTRO TE! [Video a 360° gradi] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 4,798,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djNCAlblhGA	USO LA CARTA DI CREDITO DEL MIO RAGAZZO PER 24 ORE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 42 seconds 5,488,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFyR-Rx606Y	KISS CHALLENGE!! *SPECIALE 3 MILIONI* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 14 minutes, 45 seconds 4,596,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFYLRTavU0w	LA NOSTRA PRIMA LITE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 17 minutes 5,181,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WjhryDROy8	ABBIAMO DIMENTICATO IL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO DURANTE IL TRASLOCO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 4 minutes, 53 seconds 2,922,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGgOKrhjQO8	KARAOKE IN MACCHINA! (Carpool) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 4,965,453 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3xsvzxQHco	È tempo di dire addio. by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 2,306,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4To-CIWy9k0	ANDIAMO A VIVERE INSIEME... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 1,294,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgqJH-1gtPs	NON ROMPERE LA SCATOLA SBAGLIATA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 4,933,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbgAwb9dnTY	24 ORE DENTRO UNA PALLA GIGANTE!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 4,196,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9eszV-0ulw	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: STANZA PIENA DI TRAPPOLE PER TOPI! +1000 by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 3,963,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yusRyK5BAjg	GALLEGGIA O AFFONDA?! (ESPERIMENTO PAZZO) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 4,402,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky_GW2pNfKM	HA IMPARATO A GUIDARE LA MACCHINA!! (CANE INCREDIBILE) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 4,956,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMZlACpZj2o	PROVATE A FARE QUESTO ESPERIMENTO A CASA!! (INCREDIBILE) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 1,565,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7hSNO-c9dk	TRAPPOLA PER TOPI CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 3,257,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHEw22GPr8U	ANDIAMO DAL DENTISTA by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 10,267,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-7tUFdEhpg	MAI STARE ALLE 3 DI NOTTE CON UN VAMPIRO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 13,226,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLYtIlI1NkI	LUÌ È DIVENTATO UN VAMPIRO!! (DRACULA È TORNATO) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 10,514,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llh5dEkcsZ8	Abbiamo fatto una scoperta spaventosa.. by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 6 seconds 3,413,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kKCMfKHqLc	LO SCONTRO FINALE CON DRACULA NEL SUO CASTELLO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 14,676,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_UNYQfM4gc	INCONTRIAMO IL CONTE DRACULA IN TRANSYLVANIA!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 22,588,639 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFEkuKQ11RA	ANDIAMO IN TRANSILVANIA NEL CASTELLO DI DRACULA! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 9,997,878 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_xxOMzKZm8	Dobbiamo prendere una decisione difficile... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,494,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8esZsAHsWg	FINALMENTE LO POSSIAMO DIRE... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 877,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUviNtEwDJM	HA TROVATO UNO SCHELETRO NEL SUO ARMADIO!! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 3,372,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R5T1uDO85I	TELEPATIA DEI GEMELLI CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 3,117,880 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MeopQvcXqQ	UN FANTASMA SPAVENTA IL MIO CANE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 9 minutes, 6 seconds 2,393,338 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECjcdkxEhCs	HO PASSATO UN GIORNO NELLA CAMERA DI LUÌ e NON LO SAPEVA... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 6,035,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXx0FmUADUs	DISTRUGGIAMO UNA ZUCCA CON I FUOCHI D'ARTIFICIO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 2,210,925 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwBVPpainnY	SOFÌ PRESENTA IL SUO CAVALLO! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 6,490,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=736m4DpL-7E	LA NONNA DI SOFÌ RICEVE UNA LETTERA DAL PRIMO CATTIVO by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,941,944 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9Nl-DWtJuY	Dopo questo video Sofì dovrà fare una PENITENZA... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 1,563,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SUEnHtl1Vw	IL SIGNOR S CI SVELA CHI È IL PRIMO CATTIVO DA COMBATTERE... by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 4,960,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVg8-JHYdPE	COSA C'È DENTRO LA GELATINA?! (What's in the GELLY challenge) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 4,210,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNByP6nTFeo	IGNORO IL MIO CUCCIOLO PER 24 ORE! *scherzo* by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 56 seconds 2,749,746 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcmKFinrqsw	MESCOLIAMO TUTTI GLI SNACK INSIEME! Sarà buono?! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 3,177,789 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_WOovYTpLI	COSA C'È DENTRO LA GELATINA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 2,804,812 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-3nxtnQXKc	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: LE DISTRUGGO LA MACCHINA NUOVA! [no clickbait] by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 13 minutes, 20 seconds 6,160,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZD6qSR6qMo	CREIAMO I NOSTRI MEMOJI! (Come fare le emoji personalizzate) by Me contro Te IT 1 year ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 2,972,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulw2KqdO43E	TUTTA LA VERITÀ SUL "SIGNOR S" by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 3,515,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UMq2yxHwQE	I ME CONTRO TE LAVORANO IN UN BAR E NESSUNO LI RICONOSCE!!! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 7,232,124 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo9ejm5YQYw	MORNING ROUTINE IN HOTEL by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 3,993,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxaJ50pFMTU	HO PASSATO UN GIORNO NELLA CAMERA DI SOFÌ e LEI NON LO SAPEVA... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 7,171,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85_qmpti3F4	PIRATA SALTERELLO CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 5,790,053 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfz9zp0wC5M	PRIMA LEZIONE DI GUIDA ALLA MIA RAGAZZA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 2,202,281 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I22G0lK4csc	REGALO A SOFÌ L'AUTO DEI SUOI SOGNI! *emozionate* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 53 seconds 4,759,602 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k7JozX4CiM	SOFÌ DICE SOLO "SI" PER 24 ORE! *challenge* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 4,240,792 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKDlrdOKlZA	Sofì vede la mia nuova moto per la prima volta... e non le piace! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,501,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eRzG4O6Ifo	INGREDIENTI MISTERIOSI SLIME CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 3,751,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT8goDDBcLE	NASCONDO IL NUOVO IPHONE XS DI SOFÌ! *scherzo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 3,487,776 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iC91PjI7a4w	DENTRO UNA PALLA GIGANTE PIENA DI PALLINE COLORATE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 2,248,710 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL3hUgFn3aE	PROVIAMO LA PASTA SQUISHY COLOR BOMB! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 1,718,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zgy5Ynnh7fI	IGNORO IL MIO RAGAZZO PER 24 ORE! *Scherzo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 4,589,011 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vdw9qZQw4dc	ANDIAMO ALL'ACQUARIO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 5,588,908 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAQ1Rqak068	CHE SUCCEDE SE PREMI QUESTO TASTO?! *NON FARLO MAI* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 4,715,242 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhQHcrOPgU8	I ME CONTRO TE SORPRENDONO UNA FAN! (Emozionante) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 6,168,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr1hoXuWOCA	SOFÌ SI È INNAMORATA DI UN ALTRO... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 6,511,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVeJgzZCsKs	ANDIAMO ALLO ZOO! *animali nuovi* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,705,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwIxScRZGr0	NON DOVEVO SPRUZZARE LUÌ CON LA VERNICE! *scusa* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 27 seconds 3,264,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INmZ2Zvf-10	LA MYSTERY BOX DI YOUTUBE!! *SUPER RARA* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 1,972,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfUCd0X45T4	SCHERZO A LUÌ: IN MANETTE PER 24 ORE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 9 seconds 5,216,892 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6-Cz_adwcQ	OUTFIT PRIMO GIORNO DI SCUOLA! (Back To School) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 2,295,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vFt8LOurA4	GIOCHIAMO A NASCONDINO AL PARCO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 6,094,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTa-QYXSzDM	ABBIAMO ASPETTATO TUTTA L'ESTATE PER DIRVI QUESTO... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 2,884,156 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTRa4D1q3WI	VASCA DA BAGNO PIENA DI SPRITE E CARAMELLE SCOPPIETTANTI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 16 minutes 2,829,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMuygmS_mAo	MYSTERY BOX DELLA SCUOLA! (Back To School) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 5 seconds 3,201,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8m3Ttb7G74	I ME CONTRO TE SONO TORNATI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 1,410,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKyQfB0xCQE	POTEVAMO FARCI MALE! *AUTOSCONTRO* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 3,459,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwT8AZzSvxM	KSI VS LOGAN PAUL VLOG! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 55 seconds 3,052,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfOKa3Mg-eo	MATRIMONIO DEL FRATELLO DI LUÌ! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 8,191,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f11Z3IbfAqk	BATTAGLIA D'ACQUA DENTRO CASA! *È STATA UNA PESSIMA IDEA* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 9 minutes, 13 seconds 996,103 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BYye1grpqs	SI PUÒ ATTRAVERSARE UNA PISCINA CON UN PONTE DI SCOTCH?! (Esperimento Pazzo) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 15 seconds 4,261,028 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3vaR_8s5sc	L'ALLEGRO CHIRURGO CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 4,183,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoxdCiqaucQ	TRAMPOLINO vs PISCINA by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 49 seconds 4,531,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjJU-T3luS8	CAMMINARE SULL'ACQUA CON UNA BOLLA GIGANTE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 6 seconds 5,042,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb5iZZWWrbc	TROVIAMO UNA SCATOLA MISTERIOSA SOTT'ACQUA! (Underwater Mystery Box) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 7,369,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqdIiW0fT6g	Ecco perchè abbiamo lasciato casa.. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 39 seconds 2,028,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROTeR0DK9c8	SCIVOLO D'ACQUA CON I GONFIABILI IN CASA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 2,247,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed86hXR981Y	LEZIONE DI NUOTO AL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO RAY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 6,026,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-4UUVlBmaU	TRUCCARSI SOTT'ACQUA! *Make Up Underwater Challenge* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 7,276,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxiGjUb07JM	MAI STARE IN PISCINA ALLE 3 DI NOTTE! *challenge* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 43 seconds 11,233,853 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGiYYoSkOW0	LA PALLA PIENA D'ACQUA PIÙ GRANDE DEL MONDO vs TRAMPOLINO by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 34 seconds 8,632,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KPuqdqhVsQ	CON QUESTO MI POTRÒ VENDICARE DI LUÌ.. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 1,875,584 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUI2LEK2cJU	IGNORO LA MIA RAGAZZA PER 24 ORE! *Scherzo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 7,342,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P29hs_LKovM	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: SECCHIATA DI PALLONCINI D'ACQUA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 45 seconds 4,015,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3w1okHr-Cfs	QUESTO SCHERZO L'HA FATTO IMPAZZIRE.. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 9,137,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9eXLM7DTgI	LA PISCINA È LAVA CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 3,475,354 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDuzKOX7t4w	ECCO PERCHÈ CI SONO I VIGILI DEL FUOCO A CASA NOSTRA.. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 15 seconds 4,057,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WI_hFNRR-3c	SCIVOLO D'ACQUA IN CASA! (Water Slide Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 3,113,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbOgmgMEtdM	NON È UNO SCHERZO... CI HANNO HACKERATO IL CANALE! [Signor S] by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 5,693,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W22puGdZd8	IL SIGNOR S È TORNATO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 3,317,070 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOfV8m2-RMg	VIVIAMO 24 ORE AL CONTRARIO! *24H CHALLENGE* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 55 seconds 7,179,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3J5rYOh9oU	IL COMPLEANNO DEL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO! *emozionante* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 5,636,239 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SguUd8epWe4	COMPLETIAMO IL FANTALIBRO DEI "ME CONTRO TE" by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 36 seconds 2,468,024 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hcQY2C5Vxw	HANNO RUBATO LA MACCHINA A LUÌ! *SCHERZO* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 6,492,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wy5c-OfxA8	QUESTO SCHERZO HA SUPERATO OGNI LIMITE... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 4,753,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVn2QRvOo70	SOFÌ SI SENTE MALE IN BARCA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 9,925,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3tMMIj9fko	VASCA DA BAGNO LUSSUOSA PIENA DI GELATINA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 4,911,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkS2dHStD9s	CI POTREBBERO ARRESTARE PER QUESTO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 4,229,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv0WB8Tq9F0	PROVIAMO GLI ANTISTRESS MAGIC ROLLS SHOKKY BANDZ! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 34 seconds 2,611,881 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKYSxsW44ho	TRAMPOLINE PARK IN CASA! *Folle* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 2,349,559 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaZnPHD3c9M	ABBIAMO RISCHIATO GROSSO... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 3,410,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyRy5AKD_JU	CHE SUCCEDE DI NOTTE A DISNEYLAND?! *Non potrete crederci* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 3,223,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtMCDNjcaqQ	IN GIRO COL PIGIAMA A DISNEYLAND! *penitenza* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 22 seconds 4,339,149 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7z6Qo5Uy6o	ANDIAMO A DISNEYLAND! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 51 seconds 4,234,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJEBvIFwQTw	QUELLO CHE LE HO DETTO L'HA FATTA PIANGERE... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 18 seconds 3,933,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTtTzYFZi7o	MANGIAMO LE LUMACHE A PARIGI! *disgustoso* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 2,973,698 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOsklZQuQOQ	COSA C'È SULLA CIMA DELLA TORRE EIFFEL? (la scaliamo!) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 1,977,200 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URF6bxCZBcE	VOLIAMO A PARIGI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 2,428,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYjcCdmxqAI	LA PRIMA VOLTA SULLE MONTAGNE RUSSE! *reazione epica* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 39 seconds 5,914,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcVo8DqfO4Q	FACCIAMO IL BAGNO IN PISCINA CON I DELFINI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 8,906,960 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiLOjGCSaXc	GELATO VERO VS GELATO FINTO! (Skifidol Ice Cream) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 3,337,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5Z0j0ZWecs	KIRA E RAY HANNO FATTO PACE! *finalmente* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 8,082,282 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncELAd1zJaw	I FAN CONTROLLANO LA NOSTRA VITA PER 24 ORE! *Follia* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 57 seconds 5,141,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7SzQ6-ZN2w	IL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO IMPARA A NUOTARE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 37 seconds 9,597,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbx0K2BDRwE	5€ VS 500€ MYSTERY BOX by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 18 minutes 8,432,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7vszu3dfVo	COSTRUIAMO UNA CASA DI LEGO PER RAY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 3,953,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tbKkGgu20g	LA PRIMA NOTTE DA INCUBO NELLA CASA NUOVA! *spaventoso* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 11,399,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ancc8BEhVzs	PISCINA PIENA DI PALLINE COLORATE! *incredibile* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 1,422,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0rosCUXVFE	PROVIAMO IL LOL SURPRISE MAGAZINE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 22 seconds 4,661,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocw5fym_eBQ	Ci trasferiamo... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 3,353,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0kKfmuVlJ4	SCHERZO A GIGI! *FINITO MALE* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 38 seconds 5,457,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALEEcf3P2ik	ABBIAMO LA PISCINA IN CAMERA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 21,539,479 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwERsYC29HI	CHE FINE HA FATTO IL TELECAMERAMAN?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 51 seconds 2,910,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZ0ezLLrWx4	REAZIONE AI MUSICALLY DI KIRA E RAY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 6,457,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMUjEsNjsGk	COSA C'È SOTTO LA SABBIA! *CHALLENGE* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 2,162,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ7sX19CBF0	TOUR DELLA NOSTRA NUOVA CASA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 2,056,577 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGRWTiQQ0LE	PROVIAMO LA PASTA FLUFFY SKIFIDOL! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 17 seconds 2,280,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4QkKcvL7Uc	NON TROVO PIÙ LUÌ! *scomparso* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 5,714,049 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCaJo_MGQO8	RAY INCONTRA LA SUA VERA MADRE! *emozionante* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 12 seconds 7,467,409 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HaIcN_UyG8	È SUCCESSO UN CASINO... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 45 seconds 10,610,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml_8fx3ktj0	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA?! - What's in the box challenge paffy yummy by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,539,528 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhbnLbgvbuA	SCHERZO DELLO SLIME A SOFÌ! *slime prank* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 4,282,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G301qpDgAsQ	La peggiore brutta figura mai fatta sul palco... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 5,648,158 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2P69kXGUSw	CI PREPARIAMO PER LA FESTA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 19 seconds 7,908,099 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AexuS_lQvw	PROVIAMO GLI SKIFIDOL MACARONS FLUFFY PERLE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 1,636,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBg95zlVjq8	INSANE PLASTIC BALLS CAR PRANK TO MY BOYFRIEND! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 16 minutes 5,346,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLVfLWV1V4I	ESPLODERE UN ANGURIA CON GLI ELASTICI! (Exploding Watermelon) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 2,554,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gLEHk3D0TE	LA NOSTRA NUOVA CASA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,705,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35XcKu8FMCg	CERCHIAMO LA CASA DEI NOSTRI SOGNI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 55 seconds 2,448,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKZM0HdrhW0	LA SORELLA DI SOFÌ CI HA CACCIATO DI CASA! *no clickbait* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 9,417,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mck_lG3jecE	IL GIORNO PIÙ EMOZIONANTE DELLA NOSTRA VITA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 3,093,699 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7mmOhiZFTU	RICOPRITI DI SABBIA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 10,212,972 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljRHt0FcgRc	PROVIAMO I LOST KITTIES! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 2,001,815 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPFtuw3TGm0	RAY PROVA LA FRUTTA PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 4,931,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67i-TudWk0k	HO RIPERSO L'IPHONE X! *assurdo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,275,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFUXLWvJqbM	3 COLORI DI COLLA SLIME CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes 10,033,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lw108-msYi8	FACCIAMO IL MUSICALLY DI "KIRA E RAY" by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 2,552,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKcufvqDnZM	KIRA E RAY HANNO LITIGATO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 3,517,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcT70sqAWoU	ASCOLTIAMO LA NOSTRA NUOVA CANZONE! *per la prima volta* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 2,157,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SUcFIIqBss	ABBIAMO RITROVATO RAY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 7,988,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYQNv4SqHb4	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA PIENA DI FANGO?! - What's in the box under the mud! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 15 minutes 4,414,843 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6iYAfRnuhw	ANDIAMO AL MARE CON LA PIOGGIA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 3,542,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9eKjdif12k	COCCODRILLO DENTISTA CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 42 seconds 4,127,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrCdpad3kxw	MAI STARE IN MACCHINA ALLE 3 DI NOTTE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 27 seconds 5,878,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mnv6ESJTODw	REGALO 10.000€ A SOFÌ PER IL SUO COMPLEANNO! *scherzo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,526,284 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xu9HApOuvuE	PROVIAMO GLI SKIFIDOL PLASTY SLIME! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 2,982,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFLPwa3BYaE	IL NOSTRO NUOVO GIOCATTOLO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 42 seconds 2,304,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek9B1c0nXEI	HO DIMENTICATO IL COMPLEANNO DELLA MIA RAGAZZA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 5,870,246 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7L24dRrmQ6U	KIRA È TORNATA! *emozionante* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,898,567 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joz7kNCQGLk	PRIMO BAGNO A MARE DELL' ANNO! *freddissimo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 6,505,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bhKug6ZQqs	IL SIGNOR S CI MANDA UN VIDEO DI KIRA E RAY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 6,811,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKkwN-Ukkwc	ENTRIAMO IN UNA CASA ABBANDONATA! *spaventoso* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 17 seconds 4,186,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wz1D7QgxuyA	LA LISTA DEI REGALI PER IL COMPLEANNO DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 23 seconds 2,007,961 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3byOkmQLIhA	Si può fare lo SLIME col FRULLATORE?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 50 seconds 2,882,959 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgRQQWRloNA	IL GRANDE ANNUNCIO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 3 minutes, 39 seconds 867,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30TaYyNaWqk	CADUTA DELLA FIDUCIA CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 1,751,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RRdhJbj5Fc	TRAMPOLINE PARK CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 15 minutes 15,299,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-buNAwWPn0	MANAGER GIGI È STATO MINACCIATO DAL SIGNOR S! *attenzione* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 2,396,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkePf7vsLkc	MESCOLIAMO TUTTI I CEREALI INSIEME! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 4,921,725 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j2OTAGxZ2g	24 HOUR CHALLENGE ON THE SOFA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 17 minutes 8,633,916 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yd5Q-Ng4Bo	LA NONNA DI SOFÌ PARLA DEL RAPIMENTO DI KIRA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 7,507,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Tm_c0k-xkI	I NOSTRI CUCCIOLI KIRA E RAY SONO STATI RAPITI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 6,770,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAIdP-rIFH4	Ray è scomparso. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 2 minutes, 31 seconds 1,690,920 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fDk0leVU1E	LO SQUISHY PIÙ SODDISFACENTE DEL MONDO! (Glitter Bomb) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 4,070,370 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4XPC8GRKac	KIRA E RAY SI RINCONTRANO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 46 seconds 2,388,192 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcsgPZCkIWc	PROVIAMO LA PASTA SQUISHY SUPER CRUNCHY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 2,533,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK4D5vv3zeg	COSA FA IL NOSTRO CANE QUANDO NON SIAMO IN CASA?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 5,803,474 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKLz7yN1MiY	SOFÌ IMPARA AD ANDARE SUI PATTINI! *pessima idea* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,266,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLpx-nWX0Cw	FORTNITE IN REAL LIFE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 6,877,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_-YrpvyZf0	CHE SUCCEDE SE FRULLI UNA LOL SURPRISE?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes 2,665,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyWQCVqoiwA	IL RITORNO DEL MOSCONE! *Sofì disperata* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,282,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj8lJwU34-c	CHIAMIAMO CHI HA VINTO LA GOLDEN CARD! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 2,058,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK_KrlsBlPM	COME FARE UNA SFERA PERFETTA CON LA CARTA D'ALLUMINIO! (polishing aluminum foil ball) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 2,387,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4BgYBxEY6U	MACCHINA DELLA VERITÀ! *non doveva andare così* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 22 seconds 5,937,874 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDs1Okimq_I	Luì ha la febbre... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 9 minutes, 15 seconds 4,256,402 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdZrdAgfQ2c	LA MIA RAGAZZA MI TAGLIA I CAPELLI A CASO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 16 minutes 3,154,774 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9TeQBx8vDU	PROVIAMO LE LOL SURPRISE PETS! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 9 seconds 2,870,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwuxdzMEiTk	MAKE UP ROUTINE DI SOFÌ by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 6 seconds 5,726,820 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HC2gs24ozw	SCHERZO FOLLE A SOFÌ! *10,000 bicchieri* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 1 second 5,568,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VE1_A4YIKI	TAGLIAMO GLI SQUISHY SKIFIDOL KAWAII! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 3,021,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqKHqZNtA5I	TOUR DEL LABORATORIO by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 1,212,202 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-dtvS7QNC4	Il nostro primo vlog in ASSOLUTO! *mai visto prima* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 2,251,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Imvq3bb8JSU	DISTURBARE SOFÌ MENTRE FA MUSICALLY A MARE! *impazzisce* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 3,482,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VzDbf27LD4	PROVIAMO GLI SQUISHY SMOOSHY MUSHY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 1,479,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flcDQ31lDbs	VEDREMO IL "SIGNOR S" PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 4,282,610 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6_UXZ73XJM	UOVO DI PASQUA GIGANTE vs MAZZA by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 3,237,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Un6BRnV2d0	L'INCONTRO EMOZIONANTE DOPO LA LITE... *scoppiano in lacrime* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 6 seconds 5,615,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9BWVeAYWwY	WE HAVE A PROBLEM WITH MY SISTER! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 3,520,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai4j1rROUQo	LET'S TRY THE SKIFIDOL SQUISHIDOL by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 3,299,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoBE_Sl3FhE	LEGATI PER LE BRACCIA! *challenge* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 3,164,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNaOblHURqo	WE REVEAL THE GREAT SECRET PROJECT! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 1,478,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfvHAXn8FXQ	WHAT'S IN MY IPHONE X? by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes 3,059,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rvwUDaNBlQ	SOFI'S SISTER TALKS IN OUR VIDEO! *hidden camera* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 4,700,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiUyPqxfSEM	HOT PEPPER CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 1,793,275 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiKItUZbm7s	BRACCIO DI FERRO CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 8 seconds 2,716,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52d0wT0V754	IL LABORATORIO È QUASI FINITO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 27 seconds 1,482,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lunCOP9lfek	Why Sofì's sister doesn't make video anymore... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes 2,411,460 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-Bmw-M2dnc	QUAL È IL MIGLIOR UOVO DI PASQUA DEL 2018?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 54 seconds 3,833,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_02H-xqLOA	QUALE UOVO DI PASQUA HA LA SORPRESA PIÙ BELLA? by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 6,175,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGtA-DT5fzw	I cut her hair! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 3,992,993 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OejUFrL8bEU	THE MOST EPIC FORT OF THE WORLD! * Guinnes World Record * by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 19 minutes 4,347,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUsPyj3pE4w	We were in Naples when this happened ...... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 1,953,385 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2W_QC45DVR0	MY GIRLFRIEND TRIES MOTOCROSS! *crazy* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 3,788,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eHqoTUlKoI	HOW TO DO THE SLIME WITH THE SLIMIX DIY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 2,280,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6koIYj8JM8	MY GIRLFRIEND BOUGHT ME MY DREAM BIKE! *KTM 450 Six Days* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 4,083,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCbC4aYMGqY	I LOST BIKE'S KEY ON WC! *sorry Luì* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 5,575,640 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vGt9qkTon4	IL MOTOCROSS ESISTE O NO?! by Me contro Te IT Streamed 2 years ago 32 minutes 756,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YnQZbhaWnA	EAT THE WORLD'S MOST POPULAR SAUCE! * epic reaction * by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 45 seconds 2,099,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOdBriUNKTY	WALKING ON LEGO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 18 seconds 2,441,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFvdgC_fE18	I SHAVED MY BOYFRIEND! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 10 seconds 4,173,605 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkMfRaiSyjg	A message for my boyfriend! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 1,255,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbO10JCSPLk	L' HO COMPRATA! *sorpresa a Luì* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 4 seconds 1,783,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8jT0LlK0Dg	DECIDETE VOI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,360,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pIKnr39ZcQ	OUR PUPPIES MEET FOR THE FIRST TIME! *emotional* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 58 seconds 5,279,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdzUjlPx2VI	PREPARIAMO KIRA E RAY ALL' INCONTRO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 5,304,286 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr2Ls642_dM	COM'ERA LUÌ DA PICCOLO?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 2,529,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFll6ls2pUQ	SORPRENDO SOFÌ CON UN REGALO INCREDIBILE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,320,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBTRxdnabc8	SKATEBOARD CRASH CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 1,800,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjK4Sc2FO3c	KIRA E RAY SI INCONTRERANNO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,008,155 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxvk87POrYs	PROVIAMO IL BUTTER SLIME SUPER CRUNCHY SKIFIDOL! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 2,415,317 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D90ckJ9j-gA	PRANK GONE WRONG! *not clickbait* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 49 seconds 4,290,038 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AyvQbkhHdo	RIFACCIAMO IL NOSTRO PRIMO INCONTRO! *amore* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 3,842,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4_CWPPWXF4	REAZIONE AI NOSTRI VECCHI MUSICALLY! *imbarazzante* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 20 seconds 4,239,037 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdwubOfZIEo	DOG MEET HIS OWNER AFTER 5 DAYS! *emotional* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 3,697,413 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS3jeRl9YDE	LOTTA DI CUSCINI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 1,066,092 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MWHOGKvz_s	I LOST MY IPHONE X! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 36 seconds 3,172,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVOCHvAf5W4	HOW TO DO A FORT IN HOME! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 2,682,588 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ixsk3fc1kw	PROVA I VESTITI DI CARNEVALE DI QUANDO ERA BAMBINA! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 3,441,793 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuZCFioGzMQ	24 HOUR FROZEN AND SPIDERMAN CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,865,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eZmobRCjDw	Parliamo seriamente... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 2,027,234 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WobATD9_iOE	CARNIVAL CONFETTI BATH CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 3,861,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKW-gyrkcMo	RAY INDOSSA IL VESTITO DI CARNEVALE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,310,677 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caHfl2ucIho	HOW TO HIT 2 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS ON YOUTUBE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 2,233,598 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56mTVKzUOQg	IL GIOCO PIÙ DIVERTENTE DI SEMPRE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,832,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujjZDq7ud8k	DIY SPONGE SLIME by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 4,651,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8C4x-DoqSjA	PROVARE I VECCHI COSTUMI DI CARNEVALE! *Sofì da piccola* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 3,734,683 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3d31eqDBCw	STUPIRE I ME CONTRO TE CON LA MAGIA! *incredibile* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 32 seconds 10,661,705 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LafDvWpu7hI	BEST HOVERBOARD EVER! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 44 seconds 3,824,822 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYO8mwBxegY	COSA C'È NELL' IPHONE DI SOFÌ! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 48 seconds 4,569,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrzqvhY_k00	ODIO IL MIO CANE. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 2,802,278 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EshlLO7hRdU	ESPERIMENTO: MACCHINA VS SQUISHYDOL SKIFIDOL by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 19 seconds 3,469,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dSRDgB27nU	IL LIQUIDO PIÙ ASPRO DEL MONDO! *disgustoso* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 21 seconds 2,725,579 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQ0wlkPB-Zg	SCHERZO IN DIRETTA TV NAZIONALE! *durante il TG* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 3,839,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hawg94M-4H0	DOG TRY TAPIS ROULANT! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 56 seconds 2,600,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqq0nngwR6Q	TOILET CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 2,187,493 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHi5DgHMd6g	ESPERIMENTO CON LA NUOVA PASTA GUMMY SKIFIDOL! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 9 seconds 2,149,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7CWMJlToCk	SOFÌ GUIDA LA MACCHINA DI LUÌ! *per la prima volta* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,029,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu7dq6IJTZg	REAZIONE AI MUSICALLY SUL "SIGNOR S" by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 2,873,294 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpaAZOhpjso	SCHERZO A LUÌ: CAPELLI COLORATI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 4,673,350 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiaI_NyOkC0	REAZIONE ALLA PASTA SQUISHY CRUNCHY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 58 seconds 1,821,268 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q84p1oJxc0Y	TU RIDI, TU PERDI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 8,260,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oyf1yrK0uuE	ANDIAMO A PATTINARE SUL GHIACCIO! *per la prima volta* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 3,862,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA9-crWwWEs	SOFÌ VA IN GIRO VESTITA DA BEFANA! *obbligo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 3,217,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgfhIDTzKQQ	Un giorno un pò triste... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 56 seconds 2,063,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdejMPL2ik0	Che succede se unisci 100 Kit Slime Fai Da Te Skifidol? by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 2,346,974 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1cZtER5JCg	PANCAKE ART CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 37 seconds 4,093,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqbM-jvPjH0	CANTIAMO "SIGNOR S" IN DIRETTA! *per la prima volta* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 10 seconds 7,582,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf0BwmXGwLc	IL SIGNOR S REAGISCE A "SIGNOR S" by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 4,010,295 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_aZ0wXR8vo	FIRST KISS OF 2018! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 2,567,300 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfdqPuSgfoc	HOW TO DO INVISIBLE BOX CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 4,463,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpOfYZtkwmI	FARE GLI SLIME SKIFIDOL BENDATI! *CHALLENGE* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 57 seconds 3,555,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9Xb6XAPrxY	LA BATTAGLIA DI SCHERZI! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 5 minutes 2,549,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaZ6J1iydAQ	ABBIAMO FATTO UN'ALTRA CANZONE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,142,007 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lL3q0ORcaEQ	LEGGO LE PRIME LETTERE D'AMORE DI LUÌ! *anniversario* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 33 seconds 3,614,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBz7iy7aLeU	REGALO L'IPHONE X A LUÌ IN DIRETTA! by Me contro Te IT Streamed 2 years ago 22 minutes 1,742,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXGWaxluP2Y	LA PROVA FINALE! *siamo stati rapiti dal Signor S* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 19,303,437 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to8ProWgJGE	PROVIAMO IL KIT SLIME FAI DA TE SKIFIDOL! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 1,881,751 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JisKmTeit4c	Notizia: i "Me contro Te" sono stati rapiti. by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 2 minutes, 18 seconds 6,864,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zhMcmSzRAc	RICOPRIAMO DI CARTA D'ALLUMINIO LA MACCHINA DI LUÌ! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 2,112,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvadehICZ3A	LUÌ DISTRUGGE LA STANZA DI SOFÌ! *si arrabbia tantissimo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 47 seconds 6,271,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-d2EJuh1r8c	VIVIAMO LA MORNING ROUTINE DELL'ALTRO! *esperimento folle* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 8,078,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJRhIBm6WwY	COME FARE IL VASO DI NATALE! (Creazione Incredibile) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 41 seconds 1,850,144 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amPFuxbrnq4	SOFÌ DA IL VERO NUMERO DI LUÌ IN DIRETTA! *reazione folle* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 30 seconds 8,055,273 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UYTS4yePrg	REGALO A SOFÌ L'IPHONE X! *emozionante* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 7,444,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1KHa7L-SRo	LO SCHERZO PIÙ CATTIVO MAI FATTO A SOFÌ!  **stava per piangere** by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 4,134,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg-myMvf5To	UN NUOVO PROGETTO?! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 1,070,672 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPVMfpOwrJc	HALOBOARD FAIL! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 3,076,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3Qsn6mohDw	SORPRENDO SOFÌ COMPRANDO UN LABORATORIO! *incredibile* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 9 minutes, 1 second 1,238,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjAEiBB0tKY	DIY SNOW SLIME by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 2,719,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXiEbWEFcRQ	TUTTA LA VERITÀ SULLA CHARLIE CHARLIE CHALLENGE... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 2,279,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEsoHdpx40g	BUON COMPLEANNO LUÌ! *emozionante* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 6,998,062 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzbiDyJN8j4	TOGLIERE LA TOVAGLIA AL VOLO! (Tablecloth Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 4,020,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5M3iswl6k8	CI VOGLIONO DENUNCIARE! *no clickbait* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 1,870,979 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDOTHcqk8i8	CRAZY ELEPHANT TOOTHPASTE EXPERIMENT! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 4 seconds 3,417,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fI-hgoxM_GA	BAGNETTO AL NOSTRO CUCCIOLO RAY! *prima volta* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 5,130,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rjMKynJyrs	MAI UNITO COSÌ TANTA PASTA SQUISHY! *Record?* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 2,779,913 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bd6vk4u6bnQ	SORPRENDO SOFÌ CON LA STANZA DI NATALE by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 13 minutes, 7 seconds 4,764,197 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPkZ8TIDjLY	BABBO NATALE È STATO RAPITO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 6,185,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CudVDOzMlko	MY NEW CAR! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 2 seconds 4,180,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6-g5_i3ri4	SLIME VS TRAMPOLINO by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 2,904,507 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN0oKNWgtzY	DIY GLOSSY SLIME! (Simple Recipe) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 6,026,647 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpUqSNEf7jQ	REGALO A LUÌ LA MACCHINA DEI SUOI SOGNI! *scherzo* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 4,673,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxJWeDb8kpY	LA PRIMA VOLTA DI RAY AL PARCO! *reazione epica* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 2,787,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TMW6MZBqys	WE TRY FOODS FOR BABY! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 6,290,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gryCOBxweOQ	WE TRY THE MONOCICLE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 2,446,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmoh76g4RcA	LA LETTERA A BABBO NATALE DI LUÌ! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 1,779,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qHGO9d_OyY	SHAVING CREAM BATH CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 4,980,702 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHVwwEm678g	LA MACCHINA DI LUÌ SI ROMPE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 4,257,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S15oLr2eWZM	LUÌ DA IL VERO NUMERO DI SOFÌ IN DIRETTA! *no clickbait* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 6,041,806 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atjt_Eha8Nc	WE BUILD A BLOCKHOUSE WITH TOILET PAPER! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 7,510,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vGmk2RNe1Q	COME FARE LA STATUA DELLE MANI! *una ricetta incredibile* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 46 seconds 8,403,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUzQGFUjUSw	ACCIDENT FILMING A VLOG! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 6 minutes, 52 seconds 5,034,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFZRHy9Mohk	BOYFRIEND PRANK: BREAK HIS GUITAR! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 5 seconds 6,883,041 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrRhYazKwJU	ME CONTRO TE COMPILATION #1 by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 1,147,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anuIQS4H33g	DIY BUTTER SLIME! - Easy Recipe by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 5,855,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XA_7WRV8eP0	TRY SKATEBOARD! *10 YEARS AFTER* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 1,368,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2L8KjcLxl4I	EAT IT OR WEAR IT! [CHALLENGE] by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 22,272,033 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AZVUuMo2iA	Abbiamo quasi distrutto la cucina... by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 3,754,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wH4OECPSZYs	WE BUILD A PYRAMID! *impossibile challenge* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 3,815,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvPsYnYvyp8	LUÌ ROMPE IL PREMIO DEL MILIONE! *scusa sofì* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 6,002,427 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OEB1NcKPQ8	SQUISHY DROPPED FROM 100 FT! *explosion* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,306,547 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqrWMmj-uYA	DIY CALMING SQUISHY! *amazing* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,240,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCmSs1D5Ggo	WHAT'S IN MY BACKPACK? by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 8 seconds 3,987,516 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSfa6mYy2WY	ITALIANS TRY AMERICAN SNACK! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 52 seconds 7,586,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvhK5-b1BMc	CI SCAMBIAMO I TELEFONI! *Addio iPhone X* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 4,539,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjvz5WYMrPg	PUMPKIN + COCA COLA + MENTOS! (Halloween Experiment) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 24 seconds 3,785,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SE4XqxfbZc	FESTA DI RAY! *KIRA ACCETTERÀ L'INVITO?* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 11 seconds 6,305,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX3QzjpFqN0	FACCIAMO IL TRUCCO DI HALLOWEEN! **finito male** by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes 3,627,918 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SrysNia1fo	REAL FOOD VS POPIN COOKIN: PIZZA by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 9 minutes, 28 seconds 3,190,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V5DP0957ok	TOP 5 COSE PIÙ FASTIDIOSE DEI GAMER! (Like Me) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 3 minutes, 56 seconds 3,974,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaMrxZEegw4	WHAT'S IN MY BAG? by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 57 seconds 5,831,441 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wNhmsWt78s	SCARY CLOWN PRANK! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 10,948,106 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=necEdCHqvvk	WE KISS ON STAGE! *emotional* by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 8 minutes, 44 seconds 10,672,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD9Dzwe-5rM	WORLD'S BIGGEST SQUISHY EVER! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 50 seconds 11,502,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxCaWpbptPM	IN GIRO CON UNA PARRUCCA! **PENITENZA** by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 7 minutes, 14 seconds 3,660,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daI1kggpe3c	TOP 5 PEGGIORI AMICI MUSICISTI! (Like Me) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 3 minutes, 45 seconds 2,272,747 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZU2jW7dtowQ	ROOM TOUR! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 2,334,824 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyUYf5N09MI	WE TRY JAPANASE SNACKS! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 8,662,952 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a04bihsjnGw	WHAT'S IN THE SQUISHY? [CHALLENGE] by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 8,257,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-jvCdxIfiU	CRAZY with the WORLD'S SMALLEST DRONE! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 2,209,981 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjesW4UZedE	LA SORELLA DI SOFÌ INCONTRA RAY! **PER LA PRIMA VOLTA** by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 9,204,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xBrtrtFpWY	TOP 5 CATTIVI DEI FILM PIÙ IMBARAZZANTI! (Like Me) by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 1,544,767 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbnWBOjbnQI	CRAZIEST FIREWORKS! **SPECIAL 1.500.000 SUBSCRIBERS** by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 7,298,279 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVg2IQKfwD4	WE GOT A NEW PET! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 7,669,116 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfYO5iXNi1I	KIDS AND WILD ANIMALS AT THE ZOO! by Me contro Te IT 2 years ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 12,986,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz44Ze5PcsE	DO NOT STAY IN HOTEL AT 3 AM! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 7,583,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6l5n9j5U7U	SOFÌ TAGLIA I CAPELLI! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 6,853,195 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD2WQXdHBTM	SE GLI UMANI SI COMPORTASSERO COME I GATTI! (Like Me) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 1,459,107 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTUG-AdsKGE	KIRA VEDE IL NUOVO CUCCIOLO! **PER LA PRIMA VOLTA** by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 2,401,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zt5EEUeH28	NORMALE FOOD VS POPIN COOKING: DONUTS by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 8,299,650 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKiNj6AILt4	NON INDOVINERETE MAI CHI CI HA CHIAMATO... by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,245,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CuYXp3dJNk	COCA COLA AND MENTOS IN A WUBBLE BUBBLE!! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 8,720,198 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp-9n_asyKA	WE TRY THE CANNON SHOOTS AIR! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 3,949,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-Q95ddrH6k	TOP 5 PROFESSORI PIÙ STRANI! (Like Me) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 59 seconds 2,253,785 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbcxO0fr6Pk	WE GO TO THE JURASSIC PARK! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 7,884,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoPByh7fm7I	WE SHOW YOU OUR NEW PUPPY! *So Sweet* by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 11 minutes, 4 seconds 1,678,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qI3Df8CHd0	MUSIC CHALLENGE! (Karol e Ruggero di Soy Luna) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 2 minutes, 4 seconds 1,466,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfutgI8Wdtg	TOILET PAPER PRANK! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,894,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zTy43SEpEE	LIKE ME - TOP 5 PEGGIORI INCUBI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 27 seconds 2,622,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2xw9MI7dso	OUTFIT BACK TO SCHOOL 2017 [BOYS VS GIRLS] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 5,828,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiXPKMJGhMA	REACTION TO FAIL ON DISNEY'S SET! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 58 seconds 3,344,084 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fmXU6YvTXU	MY ROOM TOUR by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 8 minutes, 31 seconds 1,586,810 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkFuItn1ynU	LARGEST BALLON IN THE WORLD! *record* by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 36 seconds 3,850,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VM9AuFEU8o	REAZIONE ALLA PASTA MAGICA SQUISHY! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 8 minutes, 15 seconds 10,013,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPyjeqYKClo	THE FINAL CLASH! *awesome* by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 33,293,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0jqhdGyWEM	FINE DELLA STORIA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 8,945,108 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FahQSdQPieE	ITALY MORNING ROUTINE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 9,863,485 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHaHcfv02m0	BUILD A BRIDGE OVER POOL! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,268,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj7UnaGgLkw	WE GOT A NEW PET by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 2,968,287 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-lN_uX0rJw	GOING TO THE ZOO! (scared) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 11,206,533 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApK00FCVrC8	MYSTERY DRINK CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 7,287,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgkrei7sItg	POOL FULL OF WATER BALLONS! (experiment) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 9,775,927 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBlAh0WJXZw	BACK TO SCHOOL 2018! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 12,010,258 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zaXIhcEAy8	LAST DAILY VLOG by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 2,823,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLdHKyjwBD4	SMALL POOL INSIDE LARGE POOL! (Experiment) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 6,535,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcCzW1cO8Pc	TOP 10 OF OUR FAVORITE PHOTOS by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 1,873,348 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye8DLTk3iTE	DIY SUPER SQUISHY STRETCHY BALL! (Orbeez Stress Ball) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 4,583,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdM1ic0Hmts	PRANK TO MY GIRLFRIEND: COLORED HAIR! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 8,904,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGG_L9i16aQ	JETSKI WITH TOWABLE TUBES! (insane) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 4,076,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYn6aM7RVlc	SURPRISE PARTY FOR OUR DOG by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 5,209,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVtHUBmgR08	COVER A POOL WITH ALUMINUM PAPER! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 12,815,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_DUCOgBMd8	STUNG BY A HORNET by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 12,709,624 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYjGXe0Qcug	REAZIONE A "LA FIGLIA DEI ME CONTRO TE" by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 48 seconds 4,616,756 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO2QgjoB21U	ICE CREAM CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 4,812,526 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MN6Ztp4Dpqc	RISPONDIAMO ALLE VOSTRE DOMANDE IN PISCINA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 3,593,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khs0ImouMQ8	TRY TO DO ARTISTIC GYMNASTICS by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,881,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9646LiltuOw	MORNING ROUTINE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 15,936,571 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEFpvM2lbcY	PISCINA PIENA DI SLIME! (Slime Pool Challenge) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 13,482,998 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa2rQoZFErk	VLOG DI NOTTE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,659,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4gQe98FnLc	IL RAGAZZO IDEALE DI SOFÌ by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 12 seconds 11,274,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4J2LPrQ_DxY	DIY WORLD'S COTTON CANDY GIANT EVER! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 5,009,214 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxaL-bZzg3w	I BOUGHT A MOTORCYCLE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 21 seconds 3,792,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Y9vKrNJuzA	IN PUBLIC WITH BATHROBE **Penance** by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,724,436 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx7S3JPB2VY	MEGA CANNONE SPARA SCHIUMA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 3,860,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5iDZzMU7Ys	PROVA A NON RIDERE con l'ELIO! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 10,684,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvRch8V4T10	MESSAGGIO PER GLI ALIENI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,752,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zG_34qVo9EI	KIRA È STATA AGGREDITA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 9,356,656 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUuqOtKU7OU	SCHERZO A LUÌ: SECCHIATA DI COCA COLA! [Vendetta] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 54 seconds 5,700,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWRo86fR_NI	GUERRA NERF by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 36 seconds 5,747,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5APRMhg3ZJA	CORRERE SU UNA PISCINA PIENA DI GONFIABILI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 26 seconds 6,200,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpYl6WO7Cto	SLIME CON LA SABBIA MARINA (Creazione Incredibile) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 5,971,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZRE3W_xnNI	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: SECCHIATA D'ACQUA E SAPONE! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 34 seconds 7,931,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncH6bK6ZMo8	LUÌ CADE CON L' HOVERBOARD by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 5,661,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76q6hbroh2I	COME SOPRAVVIVERE IN UN ISOLA DESERTA! [TUTORIAL] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 25 seconds 5,285,323 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xioeIsLZC3Y	REAZIONE AL NOSTRO PRIMO VIDEO by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,353,623 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DBw4WMY2qA	UN GIORNO CON NOI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 814,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D40dZm67Wu0	COME FARE IL CRUNCHY SLIME! (Creazioni Incredibili) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 57 seconds 3,881,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZkSEKBIc-s	IL PAVIMENTO È LAVA PER STRADA - The Floor Is Lava Challenge Compilation (ITA) #2 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 29 seconds 5,160,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqxO6BLnw-8	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA SOTT'ACQUA - What's in the box challenge underwater #2 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 12,351,090 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MNj2YYqWWY	COME COLORARE I CAPELLI IN MODO TEMPORANEO! (Life Hacks ITA) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 4,581,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmJ3FdLHOTg	IL PAVIMENTO È LAVA - The Floor Is Lava Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 7 seconds 10,260,140 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myggFh9UQCc	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA SOTT'ACQUA - What's in the box challenge underwater by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 11 minutes, 7 seconds 15,145,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoWS_4zUE_w	COME FARE IL VASO DELL' ESTATE + La nostra collezione di vasi! (Creazioni Incredibili) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 4,908,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9dEPD3zaok	LIKE ME - TOP 5 PEGGIORI COMPAGNI DI CLASSE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 38 seconds 3,071,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AplIVKNcZpg	ME CONTRO TE con KAROL e RUGGERO di SOY LUNA - VLOG by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 4,105,517 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNbVXLhmdZw	LIKE ME - TOP 5 REGALI INDESIDERATI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 50 seconds 2,708,093 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0xwEBsb5oI	KIRA INDOSSA VESTITINI DIVERTENTI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 12,551,832 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zN6pg3R0V0o	LIKE ME - TOP 5 MIGLIORI SUPERPOTERI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 2 minutes, 59 seconds 3,461,147 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTD3ZNpUCHk	3 ESPERIMENTI CON I COLORI (Esperimenti Pazzi) #17 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 18 seconds 10,911,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBNhsUr7v-8	INTERVISTA DOPPIA AI ME CONTRO TE - [Speciale 1 Milione] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 13,744,446 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHYFisQA7Uk	LIKE ME - TOP 5 PERSONE PIÙ NOIOSE DEI SOCIAL by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 43 seconds 2,085,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TA2izY_SD2o	CHE TIPO SEI? by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 4,948,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzzahXO1Ihg	COME FARE GLI SQUISHY - Metodo Semplice (Creazioni Incredibili) #20 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 12,652,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rg6ZcBC2Zc	LIKE ME - TOP 5 PEGGIORI AMICI by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 2,655,890 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOL_bCdD67A	Reazione ai NUOVI Fluffy Slime Beads Skifidol by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 43 seconds 2,860,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7enSjxLeNs	VLOG A SCUOLA (Backstage Like Me #3) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 47 seconds 2,198,225 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMsA2MkP0LQ	LIKE ME - TOP 5 MOMENTI PIÙ IMBARAZZANTI CON LE RAGAZZE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 59 seconds 2,453,996 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6sUY8Dn5wM	FIDGET SPINNER CHALLENGE - Shokky Bandz by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 1,994,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3uGxCnwL2c	VLOG DIVERTENTE SUL SET DI "LIKE ME" (Backstage #2) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 54 seconds 1,445,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5kOsTZY8NA	REAZIONE AL FLUFFY SLIME PERLE SKIFIDOL by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 22 seconds 10,568,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rE_Y35-zeJI	PROVA AD APRIRE UNO SQUISHY by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 38 seconds 7,015,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAonmRHRJq0	COSA SUCCEDE SUL SET DI "LIKE ME"? (Backstage #1) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 1,233,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIiXT_SkyX0	COCA COLA + LATTE + RED BULL = INCREDIBILE! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #16 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 55 seconds 3,519,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KatgyiyFRg	TOUR DELLA STANZA DI LUÌ (Video a 360 Gradi) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 56 seconds 3,394,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2okmsd5KqcA	RISKIA IL GUSTO CHALLENGE (Argento e Oro) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 4,639,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIJnZ-e-lUQ	REAZIONE DELLA NOSTRA CUCCIOLA AL MARE! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 10,649,901 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yHd3937PIw	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA?! - What's In The Box Challenge #2 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 4,947,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kxpt1z0NCWw	REAZIONE AL FLUFFY SLIME SKIFIDOL by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 6 seconds 3,186,863 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqNOBPZ4ImA	VI PARLIAMO DELLA NOSTRA SERIE TV "LIKE ME" by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 38 seconds 832,220 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-lwQSpGfPE	VASO DELLA GALASSIA! - Diy Galaxy Jar (Creazioni Incredibili) #19 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 1,648,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4L9CzDL-GA	COSA C'È NELLA SCATOLA?! - What's In The Box Challenge by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 4,328,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-skSo1b2Bo	SUSHI CHALLENGE! [Speciale 900.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 5,024,662 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPGvgYWDKh0	COME FARE LA SABBIA MAGICA! - DIY Magic Sand (Esperimenti Pazzi) #15 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 1 second 3,739,059 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB_uQh10yRU	PREFERIRESTI... by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 1,951,016 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SN0GBjf-xBU	COME FARE UN DIPINTO SENZA COLORI! (Creazioni Incredibili) #18 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 1,883,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDdbMDL16qU	SOFÌ o LUÌ: L' AMICIZIA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 2,569,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za3tnT_OeoI	Sofì e Luì - Princesa [BACKSTAGE] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 7 seconds 5,038,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykP-PVhNWCw	REAZIONE A "PRINCESA" - ME CONTRO TE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 36 seconds 5,216,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxkyqGDEuQM	"PRINCESA" È ONLINE! (Primo Singolo Inedito) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 2 minutes, 22 seconds 456,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pg-xord0iCM	SE CANTI O BALLI PERDI! [99,98% IMPOSSIBILE] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 7,024,187 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OB_w8w5UskU	QUANTE NE SA SOFÌ SU DI ME? [CON PENITENZA!] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 1,648,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGzbSuThDMI	RAGAZZO VS RAGAZZA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 1,432,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZO9M4FcMIA	COME FARE IL FLUFFY SLIME! - Ricetta Semplice (Esperimenti Pazzi) #14 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 27 seconds 10,533,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvVAODFx9uc	IMITA LE FOTO CHALLENGE #3 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 4,668,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw-oGqlWmZk	10 COSE CHE NON SAI SULLA NOSTRA CANZONE! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 866,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI8_yrDKXMc	SLIME CHALLENGE! (Skifidol Gummy Slime SuperStar Profumato) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 42 seconds 4,306,712 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTwnzr9QQno	COME FARE L' ARCOBALENO IN UN VASO! - Rainbow in a Jar (Creazioni Incredibili) #17 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 31 seconds 2,719,357 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T4C0j3Tykw	RISKIA IL GUSTO CHALLENGE (Alito Puzzoso Edition) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 1,492,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udoScyA9IU0	TRUCCO PER USARE IL TOUCHSCREEN CON I GUANTI  (Life Hacks ITA) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 4,063,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqDojxOD-lk	SOFÌ o LUÌ: YOUTUBE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 1,349,825 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpAtTG0Qoz4	3 ESPERIMENTI CON LE CARAMELLE E COCA COLA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #13 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 4,853,345 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaejOdpT3S4	NOVITA' 2017! (Bacio, la nostra canzone, ecc...) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 15 seconds 617,185 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOh2PVe4URc	I 10 MOMENTI PIÙ BELLI DEL 2016! [Speciale 800.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 1,307,358 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZZg-_7UTKc	LO BEVI O LO SCARTI CHALLENGE [LA VENDETTA] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 6,527,316 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12YPNcJoj7M	CALCIO CHALLENGE [PIEDI LEGATI] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 1,691,594 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojaIJIC4E-A	COME FARE LA NEVE IN CASA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #12 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 1 second 2,600,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0sVakQf5ro	5 TRUCCHI PER LE VACANZE DI NATALE! (Life Hacks ITA) #2 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 4,239,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c9maf85GS4	SOFÌ o LUÌ: IL NATALE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 2,118,426 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7b5LOiBIBo	3 DECORAZIONI NATALIZIE FAI DA TE! (Creazioni Incredibili) #16 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 4,162,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPOXfZrxSkk	LO BEVI O LO SCARTI CHALLENGE #1 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 7,789,459 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zWSXPLWOFg	COME FARE IL VETRO CON LO ZUCCHERO! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #11 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 40 seconds 11,969,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75YJ3bGnIB4	MANICHINO CHALLENGE! (Mannequin ITA) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 2,454,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSNqZiT1sKg	BAGNETTO ALLA NOSTRA CUCCIOLA! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 18,725,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03ZMSxLLznc	FARE LA MASCHERA NERA IN CASA! [FAIL] by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 3,515,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKWGG4uSXiQ	DIY CALMING JAR! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 4,271,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9HuEVUVJDw	SOFÌ o LUÌ: MUSICA by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 954,757 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UP9XwtvnPI	LA SABBIA CINETICA FATTA IN CASA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #10 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 4,416,444 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZJC-dvo084	BOCCA PAZZA CHALLENGE CON UN OSPITE SPECIALE! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 42 seconds 4,961,875 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdVo2IANMXI	3 NUOVE DECORAZIONI DI HALLOWEEEN DA FARE! (Creazioni Incredibili) #14 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 5,084,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cT6jaSZkRGM	3 DECORAZIONI DI HALLOWEEEN FAI DA TE! (Creazioni Incredibili) #13 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 6,712,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rEMz-dUefo	BOCCA PAZZA CHALLENGE! by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 7 minutes, 32 seconds 2,251,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiVU0B8e5Qc	MI SALUTATE? - Vlog by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 5 seconds 414,917 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF8h1eO6Rxg	2 CREAZIONI CON I PASTELLI A CERA! (Creazioni Incredibili) #12 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 9,180,765 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujvKzwYmd6Q	SKIFIDOL PUZZ CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 3,794,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icWS3Mc4ABI	5 TRUCCHI PER LA SCUOLA! (Life Hacks ITA) by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 9,014,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyioB6v1XDs	COME PERSONALIZZARE LE SCARPE! (Creazioni Incredibili) #11 by Me contro Te IT 3 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 3,716,706 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXFV-WNPlf0	LO MANGI O LO SCARTI CHALLENGE! #2 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 28 seconds 6,856,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-6sf8E3xU4	LO MANGI O LO SCARTI CHALLENGE! #1 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 6,467,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRdzj0vFWX4	SOFÌ o LUÌ: LA SCUOLA by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 5,333,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLhwWP8yCGU	NUOVA CANZONE DI SOFÌ E LUÌ - BACKSTAGE by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 2 minutes, 37 seconds 2,423,414 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcDRBMqGM_Q	COME FARE L' ACQUA PROFUMATA IN CASA! (Creazioni Incredibili) #10 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 7 seconds 4,402,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewJHE2QxbZc	COME FARE TATUAGGI FINTI! (Creazioni Incredibili) #9 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 4,953,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wglp-flOQyk	BALLI BRUTTI IN VACANZA! (Vlog XL) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 57 seconds 2,131,015 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz8sAKcP7Rk	SCHERZO A LUÌ: LO SPINGO IN PISCINA! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 15,364,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtEBoWRfatI	SFIDO LUÌ: CONOSCE GLI OGGETTI DELLE RAGAZZE? by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 36 seconds 7,173,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLWYHdszGe0	CANNONE SPARA SCHIUMA! (Creazioni Incredibili) #8 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 16 seconds 4,844,898 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US4PMgxiNlM	VLOG AL MARE by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 53 seconds 12,103,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiCZl2hvM5c	IMITA LE FOTO CHALLENGE #2 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 5,417,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpsCqC4fxKg	COME FARE UN PORTA CELLULARE! (Creazioni Incredibili) #7 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 3,683,423 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H94AliV2s78	FACE SWAP NELLA VITA REALE! (Vlog XL) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 1,445,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xu-hrXD1K4	ME CONTRO TE OFFICIAL SONG - MANU [Speciale 500.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 13,242,999 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRPXKUuiZbs	CAPOVOLGI LA BOTTIGLIA! - Water Bottle Flip Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 4,928,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlKyERw8U5g	FARE LE SABBIE MOBILI IN CASA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #9 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 4,938,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X65rMRDLLQ0	8 CONSIGLI UTILI PER L'ESTATE! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 1,187,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm3oqgWP9iU	SOFÌ GUIDA LA MACCHINA PER LA PRIMA VOLTA! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 44 seconds 3,048,659 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb6NXL9tcB0	COME FARE IL THÈ GOMMOSO! (Creazioni Incredibili) #6 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 10 minutes, 5 seconds 7,078,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNZCTqQE-T4	4 GIOCHI DA FARE! (Da Provare!) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 16 seconds 2,351,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9_odhS3sv8	ANDIAMO A COMANDARE COL CAMIONCINO DEI MATES! (Vlog Epico XL) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 1,251,515 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzLnxMOl-MU	COME FARE UNA CATAPULTA COI MARSHMALLOW! (Creazioni Incredibili) #5 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 33 seconds 2,920,118 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSgtRpkQ8-8	IMITA LE FOTO CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 1 second 2,775,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XxVUsf92E0	MEDIE VS LICEO: ESAMI by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 8,303,135 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqshodGv1ac	FARE I POP CORN CON LA PIASTRA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #8 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 4,543,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3juD3tO_oQE	FESTA DI COMPLEANNO DI SOFÌ - Vita da Sofì & Luì by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 5,391,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXC78FMy-sU	PICCANTE VS ASPRO [SFIDA TERRIBILE] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 47 seconds 3,224,641 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYPjjKNJPsg	UOVO DI GOMMA + FAIL! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #7 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 4,054,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpMt-6JxH3k	COME FARE IL PONGO IN CASA! (Creazioni Incredibili) #4 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 7,464,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sljX_n_tlco	A CHE ETA' IL NOSTRO PRIMO BACIO? #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 2,323,489 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pgk-6qnZMns	FEMMINE VS MASCHI CON SERÌ by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 26 seconds 11,340,262 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKIAsLQIUEA	VITA DA SOFÌ E LUÌ - Episodio 1 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 1,717,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiZbJUdqkew	INCHIOSTRO MAGICO CON IL LIMONE! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #6 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 24 seconds 1,516,115 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXvzQJgZzSA	COME FARE LE PALLINE ANTI-STRESS! (Creazioni Incredibili) #3 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 4,809,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEH5vlIC9Jc	SCHERZO A SOFÌ: LE HO ROTTO L' IPHONE! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 5,551,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB3pBbG-XzY	SHAMPOO + SAPONE = SLIME! (Creazioni Incredibili) #2 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 3 minutes, 48 seconds 3,720,494 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGaII8oqJuE	TOUR DELLA NOSTRA STANZA! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 2,777,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KUQQAU3Kuc	COSA HO IN BOCCA? #2 - What's In My Mouth Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 2,186,150 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfeClL1Bx0o	SIAMO DIVENTATI DEI DRAGHI! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 738,930 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkbDXoW-5pg	UN NUOVO INIZIO - [Speciale 300.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 2 minutes, 35 seconds 233,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVztKNxWb_Q	PALLONCINO MAGICO! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #5 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 2,931,168 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5R7pah8a40	COME CI SIAMO CONOSCIUTI? #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 3,173,726 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzP0TSh_gkw	DISEGNARE UNA MANO 3D (Creazioni Incredibili) #1 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 17 seconds 2,848,558 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSThDnmn4TA	SCHIUMA ESPLOSIVA COLORATA! (Esperimenti Pazzi) #4 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 2 minutes, 50 seconds 3,194,894 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP3-EVT405E	UNA NUOVA AMICA IN FAMIGLIA! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 5 seconds 9,020,298 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Dh11VRalCs	COSA HO IN BOCCA? - What's In My Mouth Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 3,316,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXwT7N6fMSk	FALLING DOWN STAIRS! [FAIL] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 21 seconds 7,835,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQlk10hXn_E	COKE + SALT = EXPLOSION! (Funny Experiments) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 7,279,487 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KwlR0-t2wk	OCCHIALI INCREDIBILI! (La Posta delle Trote) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 2,294,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APRS1BQQWnw	UOVA IN TESTA! - Egg Roulette Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 4,097,375 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfM3-4aWy8Y	I PEGGIORI VESTITI DI CARNEVALE! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 1,101,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7EWwfpHea0	BOLLE DI LAVA (Esperimenti Divertenti) #2 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 58 seconds 1,925,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR5HSd3LozM	TOP 5 COSE A CASO! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 443,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xm5ofa9VeOI	HULA HOOP CHALLENGE (ITA) con la SORELLA DI SOFI' by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 51 seconds 6,668,499 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjJSh2DEEPY	LE OSSESSIONI PIÙ STRANE! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 675,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_WhkDmQPe8	LATTE + SAPONE = MAGIA (Esperimenti Pazzi) #1 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 19 seconds 3,638,580 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NF5RrNAiRA	PROVA A TRUCCARTI! [SFIDA IMPOSSIBILE] - Challenge ITA by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 6,807,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VluAcq5wpok	CI LIMONIAMO e CANTIAMO (Sigla Icarly) - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 12 seconds 3,395,429 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2mKHQPgLCQ	7 SECONDI PER... (Reazione ai vostri video) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 14 seconds 1,915,376 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqrdGbHpv1A	RAGAZZO e RAGAZZA by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 1,325,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zpx9WXbHus	ANNIVERSARIO DI FIDANZAMENTO by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 46 seconds 2,839,858 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45nKhbiV_tE	SELFIE CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 31 seconds 646,934 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PumyO3pePN8	SPECIALE DI CAPODANNO 2016 by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 523,826 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rW3TGYd1IcQ	FESTA DI COMPLEANNO A SORPRESA by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 50 seconds 1,040,682 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLVEzfRzW2M	CANNELLA CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 7 seconds 2,371,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0PVmX_6Ij8	CHIAMARE I FAN AL TELEFONO PER NATALE by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 474,191 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hzz23QOR4Y	IL NOSTRO NATALE - Christmas Tag by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 464,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CE84EKtMECA	CHRISTMAS CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 1,875,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7LrdPDH0-8	SHOPPING DI NATALE by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 55 seconds 1,138,545 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-7JR22wgQM	BALLARE CON GLI YOUTUBER - [Speciale 200.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 35 seconds 1,247,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XqALM3nJQ4	VLOG A ROMA by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 59 seconds 1,042,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axqztv1FJpA	FAQ TIME CON LA SORELLA DI SOFÌ - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 8,945,850 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrOHNQk-694	IL REGALO PIÙ BRUTTO [Speciale di Compleanno] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 3,697,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBsfDhO4Uhg	COME CI CHIAMIAMO?! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 1,437,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA1ef7vlROo	I VOSTRI COMMENTI PIU' BELLI! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 214,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBhmhKZ2z9g	OBBLIGO O VERITÀ con AWED by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 3,369,990 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asqHH-wKyY4	IL FRIGO E LA STREGA! - Fanfiction Animata (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 3 minutes 1,707,017 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gMpl9cCeAk	DOMANDE SU YOUTUBE! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 391,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLj98xnUTZk	7 SECONDS CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 51 seconds 1,437,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbA7fnAlifk	UN PACCO DA YOUTUBE! (La Posta Delle Trote) | Me contro Te by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 3,803,355 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8DsIPbajW8	LUI' PROVA I TACCHI E LA GONNA! - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 45 seconds 2,398,690 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owMDK-Be6cs	STORIA INCREDIBILE con STEPNY (Reading FanFiction ITA) | Me contro Te by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 6 minutes, 10 seconds 1,319,593 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KIFerFrvE8	DISTURBARE LA GENTE AL CINEMA by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 2,605,723 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbRq3rg4wlk	MOMENTI DIVERTENTI! [Speciale 150.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 1,576,263 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EMoUKqchMk	IMITA GLI OGGETTI con xMURRY by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 1,177,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVMqGuZYWrM	NUOVA CREW?! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 36 seconds 946,978 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb5ukLp6pYE	COSA HO IN MANO? #2 - What's In My Hand Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 2,043,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KA6GDcyuXSY	CAMBIA TUTTO by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 25 seconds 2,547,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAlpRCoWuZo	ZUCCA CHALLENGE con AWED - [SPECIALE HALLOWEEN] by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 6,075,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XALZuAvGwLw	BALLI BRUTTI SUL RED CARPET by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 2,021,241 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxCYEVcRx1w	MOLLETTE IN FACCIA CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 4 minutes, 46 seconds 977,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWcMRoApvPA	IL PRIMO RADUNO DEI ME CONTRO TE! (2015) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 3 minutes, 56 seconds 185,923 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re3f3UGkDAo	RISKIA IL GUSTO CHALLENGE con MIA SORELLA! by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 42 seconds 4,828,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP_GRCH9Wds	REGALI EPICI! (La Posta delle Trote) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 3,985,061 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4_1dQoJpQc	IMITA GLI ANIMALI - Animal Impression Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 4 years ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 1,915,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fsXMaAoMA8	LE CARAMELLE PIÙ STRANE DEL MONDO! by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 39 seconds 1,950,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p06UqDNslbQ	LUÌ SI VESTE DA DONNA! - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 30 seconds 2,155,451 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxoO1KU6miI	BOYFRIEND TAG by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 3 seconds 1,734,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mkN1dRDBJM	ICE CHUBBY BUNNY CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 43 seconds 2,901,492 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSbJgJfb75A	HAI MAI FATTO IL MOTORBOAT? by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 1,237,254 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLblzHP_Qjc	COSA HO IN MANO? - What's In My Hand Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 2,907,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FxeX9LMelY	24 ORE SENZA TECNOLOGIA! #LifeTherapyDay by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 1,300,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2jyPMNLLnM	LE CARAMELLE PIÙ BRUTTE DEL MONDO! by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 22 seconds 1,624,131 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkS7khZb9_I	REAZIONI DEI FAN! [Speciale 100.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 412,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vNH43qk7qY	VLOG IN PISCINA by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 8,681,065 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUik-U1d5TI	OBBLIGO O VERITÀ by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 3,204,025 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JccJjRG80M	SFIDA DEI FRULLATI - Smoothie Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 6,419,224 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFJlrIj0yYM	CERETTA DOLOROSA A LUÌ! - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 1,800,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcFNafBOp7U	VLOG IN BARCA by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 3,752,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP-s2zQjY-g	SCHERZO TELEFONICO AI FAN by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 1,871,911 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Myx1JdCmlDI	PREFERIRESTI... L'AMORE O YOUTUBE? by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 20 seconds 1,365,165 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzPU9GIkkPo	ANGURIA CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 50 seconds 6,984,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FfOG3L_nsU	TWISTER CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 37 seconds 2,591,628 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JugUQo2j65w	100 DOMANDE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 17 minutes 3,597,668 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoyKXeMCz7U	ESPLOSIONE ANGURIA!!! - Exploding Water Melon (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 11,089,193 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SKZw3XjTmw	WHISPER CHALLENGE (ITA) con GIAMPYTEK by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 30 seconds 492,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzfhHaFXC2E	BASTA PIANGERE! - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 34 seconds 897,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5DEZfQ_QOw	JENGA BOOM CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 50 seconds 2,526,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CygcP6NzN1s	PROVA A NON RIDERE - [Speciale 50.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 10,101,341 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9110f4z6pIM	PREFERITI DI GIUGNO 2015 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 44 seconds 146,365 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tT9pGk5JgY	SVELIAMO GLI ISCRITTI by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 3 minutes, 22 seconds 243,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gdh94hpNdnQ	PIE FACE CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 3,542,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_6fiOszWrc	AGARIO CHALLENGE (Agar.io ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 5 seconds 1,330,876 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h32TYjFWryg	SOFÌ TRUCCATA DA UOMO by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 2,778,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wjL-LCbDJk	HO INCONTRATO LEONARDO DICAPRIO? - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 25 seconds 539,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08O81ulu0Vo	IL PITONE DI LUÌ - Preferiti di Maggio 2015 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 54 seconds 3,504,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0BuMXPBmFc	SFIDA DEI DIALETTI (#DialectChallenge) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 19 seconds 1,841,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5JTVyEYM2M	10 COSE CHE NON SAI DI NOI by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 1,582,330 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7kD4iaaCvs	CAMBIARE COLORE AI CAPELLI?! - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 2,397,536 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_50haR-sgVI	PIZZA CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 9,227,443 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzBMNEvYE84	LUÌ TRUCCATO DA DONNA by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 3,769,631 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynslTwNkvnI	YOGA CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 18 seconds 6,565,408 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HBfR_WRpmY	MAI MANGIARE UN LIMONE! - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 30 seconds 829,772 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HXhVdbbuZU	BOYFRIEND vs GIRLFRIEND by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 688,435 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDfVfEn9efI	POST IT CHALLENGE (Speciale Cartoni Animati) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 23 seconds 3,523,359 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr_WD4yByIA	TESTA O CROCE? by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 7 minutes, 15 seconds 1,497,407 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9de8XLxLP6M	MOMENTI DIVERTENTI [Speciale 10.000 Iscritti] by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 8 minutes, 52 seconds 512,553 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSs6sS6Q59k	CANTARE È IMPOSSIBILE! - You Sound Dumb Challenge by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 304,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOv2LNh88wA	RISKIA IL GUSTO CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 53 seconds 1,368,703 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh2XjsGCx2Y	SIETE FIDANZATI? - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 15 seconds 1,139,215 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RfB2Hv6FhU	CHIAMARE I FANS AL TELEFONO - [SPECIALE] by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 4 seconds 662,928 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwgRvYzRpqA	ACCENT CHALLENGE ITALIAN #2 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 16 seconds 423,546 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN1EPPEf3jI	WHISPER CHALLENGE (ITA) #3 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 52 seconds 243,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylx9q3_UR9E	SFIDA SENZA POLLICE - No Thumbs Challenge by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 1,083,181 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a928dCSuuwY	PROVA A CANTARE - You Sound Dumb Challenge by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 1,001,244 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxuGoz8W2P4	DOMANDE SUL LICEO by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 12 seconds 522,022 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5RJ8GhOJaY	WHISPER CHALLENGE (ITA) #2 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 368,267 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYQU5qmCwG4	PERCHÈ NON VEDETE GLI ISCRITTI - #MeFaqTe by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 275,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0Lt1_v0Eh8	POST IT - CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 32 seconds 2,915,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHSgZ-kERpA	ACCENT CHALLENGE ITALIAN #1 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 30 seconds 685,884 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvEvJx0G5cM	WHISPER CHALLENGE (ITA) #1 by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 8 minutes, 9 seconds 624,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTWk73A5J5Y	VIDEO FAQ e TOP FAN by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 1 minute, 59 seconds 43,027 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgF-WkQy_pQ	1 2 3 TAG - SPECIALE SAN VALENTINO by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 40 seconds 782,827 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHBTS987Ji0	PALLONCINO CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 1,304,745 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_acmmopR2k4	CARAMELLE GUSTO VOMITO - Harry Potter Challenge by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 3,011,019 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIzSAx7NqaI	PROVA A FARMI RIDERE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 3 minutes, 55 seconds 1,796,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsQL0S68g0I	CARAMELLE INCREDIBILI - Bean Boozled Challenge by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 27 seconds 1,172,721 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJq0XYvSGmE	SFIDA COL PONGO - Seconda Parte by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 2 minutes, 52 seconds 492,400 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPyPPI5lcxc	CHUBBY BUNNY CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 18 seconds 2,236,464 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIfYi7M8-ZI	SCULTURE DEGLI YOUTUBER - Play Doh Challenge by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 4,442,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8ppVa76FTE	I RAGAZZI (Parodia) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 1,672,514 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhI8x-NKXvc	LA NEVE AL SUD by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 2 minutes, 34 seconds 1,672,184 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJF5sXmegrY	SPECIALE 31 DICEMBRE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 35 seconds 548,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-Utck8YMxE	10 cose da NON FARE a NATALE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 57 seconds 9,600,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOpRY2bpTyw	Come NON fare i CUPCAKE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 26 seconds 822,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnwDBwI6USY	COSE CHE AMO E ODIO DEL NATALE! by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 10 seconds 885,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hA9a9ZSj3zY	HAPPY WHEELS di NATALE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 383,392 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnScm93U61g	INDOVINA IL FILM DI NATALE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 6 minutes, 18 seconds 596,778 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd1vp2ywgKU	VLOG di NATALE + SORPRESA! by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 2 minutes, 24 seconds 216,635 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqJRpT9YJ2A	TRUCCO di NATALE - MAKEUP TUTORIAL by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 38 seconds 1,181,223 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrMsP35InFk	SFIDA DEI PEPERONCINI - Hot Pepper Challenge (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 1,524,167 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQFkdRKgbyo	SPONGEBOB CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 1 second 1,174,953 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH9-S_0TOu4	PAROLE A CASO CHALLENGE by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 4 minutes, 2 seconds 1,058,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix5rjDJsOiw	VERO o FALSO? by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 2,032,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UosD81pdcLw	COTTON BALL CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 29 seconds 3,606,509 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10saLZZTClA	7 SECOND CHALLENGE (ITA) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 32 seconds 3,563,450 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWy7xqSJizY	REAZIONE A VIDEO DIVERTENTI (Parodia) by Me contro Te IT 5 years ago 5 minutes, 12 seconds 3,357,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_YO1zVI_cw	IL PRIMO VIDEO DI LUÌ E SOFÌ by Me contro Te IT 6 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 4,520,097 views
