https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1aXvxVT21o	The Jackal - L’ultimo giorno PRIMA dell’ESAME (feat. Emma Marrone) by The Jackal 2 weeks ago 5 minutes, 41 seconds 671,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsZyr7tdCU8	The Jackal - Poco Prima Poco Dopo - COSA FACCIAMO STASERA? by The Jackal 3 weeks ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 532,895 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD54SXV53LY	The Jackal - Quando ti fai i FILM SOTTO LA DOCCIA by The Jackal 2 months ago 3 minutes, 30 seconds 757,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kmkkzQgXI8	The Jackal - PUBBLICITÀ vs VITA VERA 2 by The Jackal 3 months ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 1,268,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws_syhXMAvY	The Jackal - Le COSE che NON ci HANNO DETTO sulla QUARANTENA by The Jackal 3 months ago 7 minutes, 24 seconds 739,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTHFoaWtr1Y	The Jackal - Quando devi SCEGLIERE che cosa GUARDARE by The Jackal 4 months ago 4 minutes, 1 second 612,183 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tKNfHPIFO4	The Jackal - Quando arriverà LA FASE 3 by The Jackal 4 months ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 438,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99AOxiuwvuo	The Jackal - CE LO GUARDIAMO ASSIEME con Alessandro BORGHI by The Jackal 5 months ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 316,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e55cTmyfAbs	The Jackal - Gli EFFETTI di GOMORRA sulla GENTE a CASA by The Jackal 6 months ago 2 minutes, 49 seconds 1,118,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF2UvM6wZdI	The Jackal - QUANDO DICI a un AMICO che NON ESCI (feat. Luis Sal e Fedez) by The Jackal 6 months ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 1,259,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PB1baghWvo	The Jackal - Ciao ITALIA, come va? - La VITA ai tempi del CORONAVIRUS by The Jackal 6 months ago 4 minutes, 49 seconds 669,926 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKlUKrjEhsA	The Jackal - Tutto SANREMO in 7 MINUTI (serata finale) by The Jackal 7 months ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 861,313 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ6KPIUYlEI	The Jackal - Chi ha VINTO davvero SANREMO 2020 ft. Elettra Lamborghini by The Jackal 7 months ago 2 minutes, 35 seconds 1,478,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIM3lUAgTnA	The Jackal - Tutto SANREMO 2020 in 9 minuti (Terza Serata) by The Jackal 7 months ago 9 minutes, 30 seconds 829,364 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-7EEfyWRh4	The Jackal - Tutto SANREMO 2020 in 8 minuti (Seconda Serata) by The Jackal 7 months ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 880,356 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqMtRk1C9zg	The Jackal - Tutto SANREMO 2020 in 9 minuti (Prima Serata) by The Jackal 8 months ago 9 minutes, 20 seconds 1,141,477 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uo3--5CWRsI	The Jackal - Ma VERAMENTE andiamo a SANREMO? by The Jackal 8 months ago 4 minutes, 11 seconds 652,595 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhGPpXi7yko	The Jackal - Rinnovare CASA in 9 CAPITOLI by The Jackal 8 months ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 914,564 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYszDK5HQxY	The Jackal - Dottor Fabio: I botti di capodanno by The Jackal 9 months ago 1 minute, 53 seconds 618,056 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8KxclZ0PzQ	The Jackal - Un CAPODANNO da GIOVANI by The Jackal 9 months ago 3 minutes, 21 seconds 921,292 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Vz1BtsoV8k	The Jackal - Dentro LE CHAT DI GRUPPO by The Jackal 9 months ago 4 minutes, 48 seconds 1,356,816 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3an4pRs18c	The Jackal - Piccole BUGIE Grandi VERITÀ by The Jackal 10 months ago 3 minutes, 13 seconds 1,196,970 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9-Hre2hHBo	The Jackal - Ricordi QUANDO volevi CAMBIARE IL MONDO? by The Jackal 10 months ago 3 minutes 739,739 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6XZfSZSw80	The Jackal - Quando ti ROVINANO le CERTEZZE by The Jackal 11 months ago 2 minutes, 36 seconds 1,243,076 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHIevnrw_wQ	The Jackal - Gli ANNI '90 erano davvero MEGLIO? by The Jackal 11 months ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 1,546,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6suYa9ftbpU	The Jackal - IL MESSAGGIO vocale INFINITO by The Jackal 1 year ago 1 minute, 24 seconds 805,320 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ec7l8iNq3fQ	The Jackal - Come AFFRONTARE le RESPONSABILITÀ by The Jackal 1 year ago 2 minutes, 51 seconds 783,638 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4OHPrSaZ0w	The Jackal - DOVE sei stato in VACANZA? by The Jackal 1 year ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 988,367 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD-DShBwFsM	The Jackal - QUESTO MESSAGGIO è stato ELIMINATO by The Jackal 1 year ago 2 minutes, 3 seconds 1,110,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcLGw5f5uOE	The Jackal - GLI EFFETTI dello SPOILER sulla GENTE by The Jackal 1 year ago 7 minutes, 41 seconds 1,018,353 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qURnSKA1vQY	The Jackal - Le 8 COSE che NON SAPEVI sul RICICLO by The Jackal 1 year ago 5 minutes, 59 seconds 883,736 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evbRgKZ7D6E	The Jackal - Chi Ha PAURA del CICLO? by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 3 seconds 776,302 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBH9dq8yR-4	The Jackal – Le PICCOLE GIOIE della VITA by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 41 seconds 1,497,886 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNdDJXF2QXo	The Jackal - LA RIMPATRIATA DEL LICEO - quando i tuoi AMICI fanno i FIGLI by The Jackal 1 year ago 7 minutes, 59 seconds 2,447,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMGbVAtx-eE	The Jackal - Programmi DA INCUBO Ep03 by The Jackal 1 year ago 4 minutes, 25 seconds 1,287,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYN1am_NchQ	The Jackal - PROGRAMMI DA INCUBO Ep.02 by The Jackal 1 year ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 1,010,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtRc4khEzOw	The Jackal - Programmi DA INCUBO by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 57 seconds 1,209,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az0ZpiaKHhk	The Jackal - VRENZOLE: Libertà di Espressione by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 1 second 523,121 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-3PAK39m0s	The Jackal - Il PARADOSSO del colloquio di LAVORO by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 35 seconds 1,164,361 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvQKi-ZN4Ck	The Jackal - L'AMORE AL TEMPO DEI SOCIAL by The Jackal 1 year ago 2 minutes, 3 seconds 756,964 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIzUQjsRb-0	The Jackal - Le 23 COSE più STUPIDE che puoi fare col TELEFONO by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 4 seconds 1,367,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dRc5fkG770	The Jackal - RAGAZZI che non capiscono NIENTE di TRUCCO by The Jackal 1 year ago 2 minutes, 50 seconds 1,278,462 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pd_mvEPyhpE	The Jackal - GOMORRA LEGALE by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 2 seconds 2,018,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvxwLUtPdBY	The Jackal - I 10 MODI PER NON VEDERE SANREMO by The Jackal 1 year ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 1,273,297 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P0i-8_mdZ8	The Jackal - Perché non parlate DEI PROBLEMI DEGLI ITALIANI? by The Jackal 1 year ago 4 minutes, 22 seconds 1,060,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5oLitlbMrc	The Jackal - Come abbiamo UCCISO i giudici di MASTERCHEF by The Jackal 1 year ago 1 minute, 1 second 947,849 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJMpKCKH1hM	The Jackal - OGNI VOLTA CHE CUCINI MALE by The Jackal 1 year ago 2 minutes, 38 seconds 2,587,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H9zmucUAas	The Jackal - Operazione X FACTOR (Complete Edition) by The Jackal 1 year ago 20 minutes 1,217,113 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pps41Ys3X9g	The Jackal - NATALE OGGI vs NATALE ANNI 90 by The Jackal 1 year ago 5 minutes, 38 seconds 2,099,276 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JEgR6FkKsc	The Jackal - Operazione X FACTOR #3 (MARA MAIONCHI LO DICE IN DIRETTA) by The Jackal 1 year ago 5 minutes, 28 seconds 489,439 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuPjTCtCzMQ	The Jackal - Operazione X FACTOR #2 (Alessandro Borghese Impazzisce) by The Jackal 1 year ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 773,502 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdX9jKy9t_0	The Jackal - Operazione X FACTOR #1 (Mara Maionchi Ti Amo) by The Jackal 1 year ago 7 minutes, 29 seconds 637,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbWc8WtYpcc	The Jackal - La Campagna Umanitaria DEFINITIVA by The Jackal 1 year ago 2 minutes, 43 seconds 776,042 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkQVitzMmPg	Dottor INTERNET by The Jackal 1 year ago 1 minute, 16 seconds 804,935 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v8PTTA4Xcc	The Jackal - 10 Cose che NON SAPEVI sugli ITALIANI by The Jackal 2 years ago 4 minutes, 2 seconds 1,952,521 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb-L-xc-XJU	The Jackal - Come ORGANIZZARE le VACANZE by The Jackal 2 years ago 3 minutes, 48 seconds 1,049,417 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2x2mZd7Qec	The Jackal feat Negramaro - QUANDO canto DA SOLO in auto by The Jackal 2 years ago 4 minutes, 9 seconds 1,472,072 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skcVoS3NEUc	TheJackal - L'ITALIA è fuori dal MONDIALE by The Jackal 2 years ago 3 minutes, 20 seconds 984,172 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOKdRSUrAp0	The Jackal - La vera identità di LIBERATO by The Jackal 2 years ago 1 minute, 7 seconds 650,932 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xps2ZT05I8A	TheJackal -  Se nei FILM facessero LE SCELTE GIUSTE by The Jackal 2 years ago 3 minutes, 53 seconds 2,460,139 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LtIAiid7-E	The Jackal - L'Esperto di Cose al MUSEO by The Jackal 2 years ago 2 minutes, 32 seconds 1,008,583 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCf9LQayZdY	Le 48 Ore di Fru - La Vendetta 2 by The Jackal 2 years ago 2 minutes, 28 seconds 1,274,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIsJt5RvU7k	The Jackal - La CONVIVENZA by The Jackal 2 years ago 4 minutes, 8 seconds 1,332,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX0etLF4otk	The Jackal - La CONVIVENZA (Extended Version) by The Jackal 2 years ago 4 minutes, 32 seconds 287,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TL_w6ggjCOw	Le 48 Ore di FRU by The Jackal 2 years ago 4 minutes, 13 seconds 895,288 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8w9b00qrWs	The Jackal - Operazione SANREMO (Complete Edition) by The Jackal 2 years ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 1,725,995 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YupXT3IR_g	TheJackal - Quanto tempo passi in bagno? by The Jackal 2 years ago 3 minutes, 14 seconds 1,463,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yX9hNh7iac	The Jackal - I Buoni Propositi per il Nuovo Anno by The Jackal 2 years ago 3 minutes, 16 seconds 294,643 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DbHr2F1p8s	GOMORRA actually by The Jackal 2 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 517,845 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOmC67m_omg	Gli EFFETTI del NATALE sulla GENTE by The Jackal 2 years ago 1 minute, 38 seconds 689,805 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlQP9dwN-zc	TheJackal - AIUTIAMOLI A CASA LORO by The Jackal 2 years ago 2 minutes, 12 seconds 398,657 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPlYLNh8z_c	AFMV - Addio Fottuti Musi Verdi (TRAILER UFFICIALE) - dal 9 Novembre al cinema by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 38 seconds 1,875,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSmNnwUmtcc	NARCOS 3 - Pablo è VIVO by The Jackal 3 years ago 2 minutes, 25 seconds 1,093,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGxk5nK6lWo	The Jackal - Sopravvivere a un MATRIMONIO D'ESTATE by The Jackal 3 years ago 5 minutes, 21 seconds 3,041,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7A-HguKZ_I	The Jackal - Tutte le volte che presto qualcosa by The Jackal 3 years ago 2 minutes, 26 seconds 674,188 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxeRPjXmCuY	The Jackal - Pubblicità VS VitaVera by The Jackal 3 years ago 3 minutes, 32 seconds 1,868,340 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Axn6swDxUDc	The Jackal - Gli effetti di DESPACITO vs Luis FONSI by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 57 seconds 3,240,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mU-QdRk2dc	The Jackal - Come lo faccio io, Come lo fanno gli altri by The Jackal 3 years ago 3 minutes, 6 seconds 2,002,625 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nK_NDTTZLZA	AFMV - Addio Fottuti Musi Verdi - Teaser by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 4 seconds 289,505 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2apUkh64GAg	The Jackal - Gli EFFETTI di DESPACITO sulla GENTE by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 56 seconds 4,406,208 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wW_2chZAfVU	The Jackal - MAMMA, VADO A VIVERE DA SOLO by The Jackal 3 years ago 2 minutes, 5 seconds 964,644 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvHwTjJ8_N8	The Jackal - QUANDO chiedo la PASSWORD del WIFI by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 12 seconds 1,694,314 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeJ8mMD5xjQ	The Jackal - Cosa fai l'8 Marzo? by The Jackal 3 years ago 3 minutes, 19 seconds 720,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40X4lPv7YNc	#INTANTOVESSICCHIO - The Jackal Vs Sanremo 2017 by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 27 seconds 208,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnifCNwiQB0	The Jackal - L'abbonamento IN PALESTRA by The Jackal 3 years ago 2 minutes, 32 seconds 1,394,563 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bB-BxJHgW8	The Jackal - ANNO Nuovo DIETA Nuova by The Jackal 3 years ago 2 minutes, 29 seconds 1,039,270 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9ATKst1xRM	The Jackal - 10 MODI per evitare la domanda: COSA FAI A CAPODANNO? by The Jackal 3 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 1,255,233 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG8K15NTC44	Anche questo NATALE una GIOIA DOMANI by The Jackal 3 years ago 4 minutes, 21 seconds 1,276,491 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCoPb9fCoNU	gli effetti di GOMORRA LA SERIE sulla gente #4 by The Jackal 3 years ago 9 minutes, 48 seconds 4,069,608 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Du9hYKAxMAY	TEASER AFMV - IL TENENTE RUZZO SIMONE by The Jackal 3 years ago 55 seconds 90,378 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-RUowXTVwY	Anche OGGI una GIOIA DOMANI! by The Jackal 3 years ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 776,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkDmWC6dqGQ	#LAMARCHETTA - La Scena D'AMORE più Romantica di Sempre by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 38 seconds 123,060 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gLdulp5q98	la VERITA' sui PELATI! by The Jackal 3 years ago 1 minute, 6 seconds 544,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oULFJowkFlg	Quando FINISCE la CARTA IGIENICA by The Jackal 4 years ago 3 minutes, 17 seconds 737,523 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fUSxVZL_bc	Questo NON sfonderà MAI by The Jackal 4 years ago 2 minutes 765,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qy3Nj49aRo	LA FIDANZATA DELL'ESTATE by The Jackal 4 years ago 2 minutes, 20 seconds 979,686 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15eKzcmtX2U	Quando entro in ACQUA e mi SCHIZZANO by The Jackal 4 years ago 1 minute, 14 seconds 1,008,251 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxE97xX783g	David di Donatello - THE JACKAL VIDEO OPENING by The Jackal 4 years ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 748,014 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pu5K2g8E1YE	Quando incontri la tua EX RAGAZZA feat. ROCCO SIFFREDI by The Jackal 4 years ago 48 seconds 1,128,766 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyMDi-Kjvk0	La Faccia che Faccio, La Faccia che Vorrei Fare by The Jackal 4 years ago 3 minutes, 34 seconds 1,575,396 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wj7XgOxG2fM	CANDID CAMERA - Come reagisci ad una persona TROPPO lenta? by The Jackal 4 years ago 3 minutes, 39 seconds 687,524 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFLcoPD5JGM	30 ANNI - BACKSTAGE by The Jackal 4 years ago 3 minutes, 35 seconds 196,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMuUgTw3NaM	30 ANNI - il sabato sera by The Jackal 4 years ago 16 minutes 4,836,985 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMrM1sH2zfw	DISCORSO DI FINE ANNO DEI BAMBINI by The Jackal 4 years ago 2 minutes, 26 seconds 155,951 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7Pm9VSU6S0	Anche quest'anno i REGALI DI NATALE! by The Jackal 4 years ago 2 minutes, 21 seconds 368,654 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4M687bV622M	BACKSTAGE - Anche quest'anno è NATALE! by The Jackal 4 years ago 1 minute, 49 seconds 87,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8rjQI64oqA	Anche quest'anno è NATALE! by The Jackal 4 years ago 4 minutes, 41 seconds 1,127,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8pBCp2OILE	...GUARDIAMO un FILM con ROCCO SIFFREDI? by The Jackal 4 years ago 46 seconds 1,128,938 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8D7ENMS4k5s	BACKSTAGE - REALTA' VS MAMMA by The Jackal 4 years ago 1 minute, 23 seconds 107,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYf6LoJ2fRw	REALTA' vs MAMMA #3 by The Jackal 4 years ago 3 minutes, 59 seconds 1,250,722 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHpeSndZyV0	LE DOMANDE DEGLI IMMIGRATI AGLI ITALIANI by The Jackal 4 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 715,977 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jMhgKYoq0A	REALTA' vs MAMMA #2 by The Jackal 4 years ago 4 minutes, 1 second 1,471,393 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0_UbNzh39U	Questions ITALIANS have for AMERICANS by The Jackal 4 years ago 2 minutes, 50 seconds 2,322,496 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVslaLpSNRg	QUANDO MIA NONNA SBAGLIA IL MIO NOME by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute 956,986 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak2RbCdt8Zs	LE COZZE - Poco Prima Poco Dopo by The Jackal 5 years ago 2 minutes, 30 seconds 1,655,001 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZQYszUep4s	LA SCUOLA INIZIA A DICEMBRE - La Reazione dei Genitori by The Jackal 5 years ago 4 minutes 1,285,455 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnhcppjW4Bc	Le 25 Persone che odi per la Foto del Profiilo by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 19 seconds 564,085 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY_OcgS98uA	GLI AMICI DELL'ESTATE by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 57 seconds 639,585 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGUVYnq_kjs	VRENZOLE 13 - AL MARE by The Jackal 5 years ago 2 minutes, 26 seconds 367,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHnb_AT5KHY	Di cosa parlano gli UOMINI quando non ci sono DONNE by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 15 seconds 1,399,634 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5B9XXZ_DLw	TUTTE LE VOLTE CHE FACCIO UNO STARNUTO by The Jackal 5 years ago 56 seconds 515,575 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANVdGNFbKuU	GUARDARE UNA SERIE IN STREAMING (anni '90) by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 32 seconds 820,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSkWeQJ_jTQ	QUANDO LASCIO LA MIA RAGAZZA (feat. MALIKA AYANE) by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 18 seconds 910,495 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=falJomLo6PY	Cucina ad ALTA VELOCITA' - SPIN OFF by The Jackal 5 years ago 4 minutes, 6 seconds 198,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdNSs-PVlfM	VRENZOLE 12 - FESTA DELLA DONNA by The Jackal 5 years ago 3 minutes, 44 seconds 573,021 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75yzLSvcwkk	Cucina ad ALTA VELOCITA' - EP. #4 by The Jackal 5 years ago 2 minutes, 55 seconds 131,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVSbxiwJc8E	TRATTO DA UN APPUNTAMENTO VERO by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 23 seconds 999,968 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T1xWTfVAi0	Cucina ad ALTA VELOCITA' - EP. #3 by The Jackal 5 years ago 2 minutes, 53 seconds 142,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16e92xQbIKE	COME VORREI che fosse IL PRIMO APPUNTAMENTO by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 17 seconds 584,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqIN9B9LaYo	Cucina ad ALTA VELOCITA' - EP. #2 by The Jackal 5 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 183,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaV9Nd__fgs	QUANDO LA MIA RAGAZZA FA TARDI by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 3 seconds 730,166 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwkcbcZBn5Y	Cucina ad ALTA VELOCITA' - EP. #1 by The Jackal 5 years ago 3 minutes, 7 seconds 405,416 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clhH_7iLOj4	COME VORREI RISPONDERE AL MIO CAPO by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 42 seconds 903,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIuc34cUEGc	LA MIA RAGAZZA È IL MIO CAPO by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 21 seconds 947,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51c-P-rOT8I	Impara l'inglese con GOMORRA by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 48 seconds 1,417,342 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GIVz5cPgHc	OGNI MALEDETTO NATALE (secondo i registi italiani) by The Jackal 5 years ago 4 minutes, 52 seconds 2,766,799 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUd1_yLEfTU	QUANDO guardo una serie in STREAMING  PIRATA ! by The Jackal 5 years ago 1 minute, 14 seconds 1,017,581 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9G62vLlqUBI	VITTIMA DEGLI EVENTI by The Jackal 5 years ago 50 minutes 801,534 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PV5byp25yk	gli effetti di GOMORRA LA SERIE sulla gente #3 by The Jackal 5 years ago 7 minutes, 47 seconds 7,130,814 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1nMHHH8Z-U	VRENZOLE 11 - iPHONE 6 by The Jackal 6 years ago 2 minutes, 19 seconds 489,541 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvLsS9fZuDg	gli effetti di GOMORRA LA SERIE sulla gente #2 by The Jackal 6 years ago 5 minutes, 9 seconds 8,440,123 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfAqmy7y9uI	QUANDO guardo LE PARTITE con LA MIA RAGAZZA by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 4 seconds 1,840,332 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbWw8766ftI	gli effetti di GOMORRA LA SERIE sulla gente #1 by The Jackal 6 years ago 2 minutes, 9 seconds 5,482,143 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IYaJLpWvcg	Visita ai TheJackal 2.0 by The Jackal 6 years ago 2 minutes, 35 seconds 209,228 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvOUKn41g4M	VRENZOLE 10 - ITALIA FUORI DAI MONDIALI by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 53 seconds 331,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v76103ad3kw	La MUSICA troppo ALTA nelle cuffie! by The Jackal 6 years ago 53 seconds 334,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4BQ5f-50ck	IL TRONO DI SPOILER - (Ultima puntata di Game of Thrones) by The Jackal 6 years ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 907,883 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_isH35afpDc	DON MATTEO - IL FILM (Official Trailer) by The Jackal 6 years ago 2 minutes, 47 seconds 1,374,963 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkubQbNxVMY	Quando sono GELOSA del mio RAGAZZO by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 14 seconds 1,175,821 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7cooJ2E9s4	Quando mi CADE lo SMARTPHONE by The Jackal 6 years ago 55 seconds 985,554 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYgXwgrT5tE	Quando ci PROVANO con la mia RAGAZZA by The Jackal 6 years ago 52 seconds 1,074,729 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9uD-CenMOA	VRENZOLE 9 - NAPOLI COMICON by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 53 seconds 198,003 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T057db4y5js	Come vorrei reagire quando ho un CALZINO BUCATO by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 26 seconds 963,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVk6VNjLBps	VRENZOLE 8 - GRANDE FRATELLO by The Jackal 6 years ago 2 minutes, 15 seconds 307,221 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm-3LEC1n-g	Quando una ragazza mi posta un cuore in bacheca su Facebook by The Jackal 6 years ago 40 seconds 1,090,921 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAms-iT0i9Y	Quando la mia ragazza mi trova online di notte su Whatsapp by The Jackal 6 years ago 59 seconds 1,466,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX3G3RI-NII	VRENZOLE 7 - SANREMO 2014 by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 50 seconds 233,829 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_wlbA5xNNI	CACCOLA in fuorigioco by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 2 seconds 479,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_Tbmh4wsc4	AMORE GAY - le reazioni dei bambini by The Jackal 6 years ago 2 minutes, 47 seconds 2,793,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZv6TspwDi4	VRENZOLE 6 - COMPLEANNO DI FACEBOOK by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 59 seconds 225,888 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3frAXD2olsY	anche LA MIA RAGAZZA va in BAGNO by The Jackal 6 years ago 43 seconds 994,384 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtMb_hMR2Qo	Quando Faccio Tardi con la mia Ragazza by The Jackal 6 years ago 36 seconds 1,094,846 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXf4OWQ2BaE	Quando Chiamo la mia Ragazza con un Altro Nome by The Jackal 6 years ago 36 seconds 1,146,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-RKkkQqQxk	Messaggi Pericolosi! by The Jackal 6 years ago 39 seconds 989,906 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onuAVpe-uZY	VRENZOLE 5 - TERREMOTO IN CAMPANIA by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 51 seconds 292,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6lVz7DbA2I	gay ingenui A NATALE by The Jackal 6 years ago 3 minutes, 42 seconds 743,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez2K_ul53KY	THE PARKER - IL BACKSTAGE (parte 2) by The Jackal 6 years ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 43,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Vur-uS1l0Q	THE PARKER - IL PARCHEGGIATORE ABUSIVO by The Jackal 6 years ago 11 minutes, 58 seconds 881,896 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJjy4A98R7Q	THE PARKER - IL PARCHEGGIATORE ABUSIVO ( TEASER TRAILER ) by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 1 second 71,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDyxuupDfM0	VRENZOLE  4 - DICHIARAZIONI DI RUBY by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 30 seconds 189,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79YRw2V0zTg	VRENZOLE 3 - HALLOWEEN by The Jackal 6 years ago 1 minute, 21 seconds 196,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-0vzaBj5c4	Napoli in 4k by The Jackal 6 years ago 3 minutes, 33 seconds 893,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r-JfXzJirI	VRENZOLE puntata pilota by The Jackal 6 years ago 54 seconds 214,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vEhVYOKQ4	gay ingenui BARILLA by The Jackal 7 years ago 59 seconds 974,626 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W1PXULcj64	gay ingenui AL MARE by The Jackal 7 years ago 3 minutes, 7 seconds 1,484,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAHQrHOj0FQ	COSA SUCCEDE QUANDO NAVIGHI TROPPO by The Jackal 7 years ago 2 minutes, 12 seconds 484,079 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdCDXdAMoXs	#nipples - Don Ciro by The Jackal 7 years ago 2 minutes, 4 seconds 99,837 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZatXBvSAt0	gay ingenui 4 by The Jackal 7 years ago 3 minutes, 1 second 984,836 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puznrv6xkwI	IRON MAN RESURRECTION - BACKSTAGE by The Jackal 7 years ago 2 minutes, 45 seconds 33,940 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbBg3wPi_EA	IRON MAN RESURRECTION - La vera storia della pasqua by The Jackal 7 years ago 4 minutes, 20 seconds 368,110 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yA-Hj5-cuYg	gay ingenui 3 by The Jackal 7 years ago 1 minute, 53 seconds 910,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1o4mrTzIQo	UNA NOTTE DA ELEZIONI by The Jackal 7 years ago 2 minutes, 28 seconds 332,031 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRoexb0imGE	ADESSO BASTA! - Perché il Papa si é dimesso by The Jackal 7 years ago 1 minute, 45 seconds 223,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_gIyNLa7Kk	gay ingenui 2 by The Jackal 7 years ago 1 minute, 36 seconds 918,909 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrAe3ipYADk	gay ingenui by The Jackal 7 years ago 1 minute, 10 seconds 1,820,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QB_eCU3GbfI	mamma ho perso l'aereo - 20 anni dopo by The Jackal 7 years ago 1 minute, 41 seconds 761,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCOcnPO2k5s	Kubrick - Una Storia Porno - Parte 3 by The Jackal 7 years ago 9 minutes, 44 seconds 348,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JKzoImGk9o	TRATTO DA UNA STORIA NERD # 2 - PANNOLINI PORTAL by The Jackal 7 years ago 1 minute, 37 seconds 196,508 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kc0oLHUif3g	Kubrick - Una Storia Porno - Parte 2 by The Jackal 7 years ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 416,600 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqQ0AAcjjf4	TRATTO DA UNA STORIA NERD - #1 - TETTE by The Jackal 7 years ago 5 minutes, 17 seconds 355,589 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoF5_xOndok	Kubrick - Una Storia Porno - Parte 1 by The Jackal 7 years ago 12 minutes, 52 seconds 1,330,621 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccv8UUQa_Eg	Kubrick - Una Storia Porno - Teaser Kubrick by The Jackal 8 years ago 33 seconds 131,005 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHBQHMJyWfQ	#nipples - padreMaronno by The Jackal 8 years ago 1 minute, 33 seconds 174,347 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWfsasWQpo8	Lost in Google - ep.5 - lost in lost in google by The Jackal 8 years ago 22 minutes 566,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGjwOwqCgfM	Lost in Google - Teaser ep. 5 by The Jackal 8 years ago 51 seconds 105,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfdv3yxBDLs	Lost in Google - ep. 4 - timeline by The Jackal 8 years ago 21 minutes 616,779 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfC-k8cLTeQ	Lost in Google - Teaser - Ep.4 by The Jackal 8 years ago 2 minutes, 56 seconds 206,080 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulSq4Jc4bbY	Lost in Google - Backstage - Ep.3 by The Jackal 8 years ago 4 minutes, 43 seconds 66,411 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cL5ojxBSi0	Lost in Google - ep. 3 - 404 page not found  by The Jackal 8 years ago 17 minutes 531,012 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWwJlo4VXic	Lost in Google - Ep. Pesce D'Aprile by The Jackal 8 years ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 93,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpeLlLVcltg	Lost in Google - Teaser - Ep.3 by The Jackal 8 years ago 1 minute, 8 seconds 81,153 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVDIawxObLs	CALL of NOOBS  - pausa videogioco - by The Jackal 8 years ago 1 minute, 58 seconds 597,104 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us-X8qHYtAQ	Lost in Google - Backstage - Ep.2 by The Jackal 8 years ago 4 minutes, 39 seconds 86,902 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNaEMNwEEAo	Lost in Google - ep. 2 - I'm feeling Lucky #lostingoogle by The Jackal 8 years ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 755,719 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_LyEflXEYQ	Lost in Google - Lost In Google - Backstage 1 by The Jackal 8 years ago 3 minutes, 9 seconds 70,145 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsBnwvycjts	Lost in Google -  ep. 1 - Forever Alone #lostingoogle by The Jackal 8 years ago 6 minutes, 53 seconds 807,171 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zHTnGnFK_s	Disphere - Vermin Skies by The Jackal 8 years ago 5 minutes, 33 seconds 20,054 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ledgs6MNREE	Lost in Google - Videotutorial by The Jackal 9 years ago 1 minute, 1 second 100,755 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veeTft1KqFk	Visita ai  THE JACKAL by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 59 seconds 57,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umPFApb2wY4	Abbandonare un cane, ti uccide ! by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 19 seconds 298,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0aR6thF8Y8	Dov'è Napoli? (where the hell is munnezza) by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 17 seconds 510,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jul_dB_wZes	Lost in Google - Episodio 0  by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 46 seconds 735,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2myZGsGFwdg	REFERENDUM : COME VOTARE - YouTube stars contro il nucleare by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 16 seconds 234,519 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOXZUZSGp6s	Mission: Facebook by The Jackal 9 years ago 3 minutes, 30 seconds 547,199 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXSuQcHXWwI	il canale youtube di silvio - Buona Pasqua! - by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 51 seconds 68,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuG02vXWGcc	campania su web - l'informazione, al momento giusto by The Jackal 9 years ago 1 minute, 15 seconds 33,026 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxWgSM4hKXs	Zombie Love by The Jackal 9 years ago 3 minutes, 38 seconds 123,552 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpJi0k2ElG8	THE WASHER - il lavavetri - by The Jackal 9 years ago 8 minutes, 4 seconds 670,470 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5BVlfdtLRM	"conati magici" (backstage 48-3i) by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 14 seconds 25,210 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxmdoE5meRE	PARODIA SMS!   Puntata 1 by The Jackal 9 years ago 2 minutes, 13 seconds 141,762 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyjLDt_5Itk	PARODIA SMS !     puntata 0 by The Jackal 9 years ago 1 minute, 46 seconds 228,651 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXWzY_zDQBQ	the jackal - the beginning by The Jackal 10 years ago 2 minutes, 18 seconds 91,673 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUYmNbcFEKE	30 denari - la vera storia della pasqua by The Jackal 10 years ago 3 minutes, 51 seconds 763,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mI4GkRF2-g	SCUSA MA TI VOGLIO SPOSARE... HORROR! by The Jackal 10 years ago 1 minute, 6 seconds 133,240 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaLOkhkV7RQ	2012 vs Vandammo by The Jackal 10 years ago 4 minutes, 12 seconds 261,051 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHgpr3UJSII	break to the future by The Jackal 11 years ago 3 minutes, 28 seconds 591,293 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfmQSoKbxgY	Lasciarsi su Facebook - Manuele d'Amore by The Jackal 11 years ago 3 minutes, 52 seconds 873,697 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jVMgfuBEmE	IL CAMORRISTA NEL PALLONE by The Jackal 11 years ago 5 minutes, 48 seconds 1,095,622 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah5RkHi8OPg	wall-e and eve: usb love by The Jackal 11 years ago 34 seconds 82,130 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry-WlR9_wEI	Lines seta ultra (la parodia originale!) by The Jackal 11 years ago 53 seconds 2,575,045 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxLzPDKQCq0	IO SONO MOLTO LEGGENDA by The Jackal 12 years ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 915,971 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MulQbB5DHaQ	-LooP- by The Jackal 13 years ago 3 minutes, 23 seconds 77,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INmZotLz1Fs	Surrealismi. by The Jackal 13 years ago 1 minute, 57 seconds 79,684 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R55G1zvASx4	L'ultima TRILLata by The Jackal 13 years ago 2 minutes, 18 seconds 480,449 views
