https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv7KaIFCXHE	ASMR EDIBLE GOLD JEWELRY BOX, GOLD BAR, PEARL NECKLACE, BULB DRINK, JELLY DESSERTS EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 hours ago 15 minutes 316,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXF8uIg324s	ASMR FRUITS RICE CAKE, GREEN BUBBLE TEA, TAPIOCA PEARL, KOREAN SNACKS  EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 days ago 11 minutes, 3 seconds 1,249,325 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf--6_a9B4w	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD BOIL *CRAB, OCTOPUS, SCALLOP, ENOKI MUSHROOM *KOREAN RECIPE* EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 days ago 14 minutes, 40 seconds 3,226,483 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50J5npgJvzY	ASMR GALAXY HONEY COMB, MAGIC JUICE, JELLY NOODLES, MERMAID TAIL, EDIBLE CUP EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 week ago 13 minutes, 38 seconds 4,395,889 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG8-fwLGoVU	ASMR RAINBOW CREPE CAKE, UNICORN TEARS, EDIBLE CUP JELLY, MACARONS *MOST POPULA DESSERTS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 week ago 15 minutes 2,993,731 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ukiY84Jwik	ASMR RAW SHRIMP, GIZZARD SHAD 생새우, 전어회 먹방 RAW SEAFOOD EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN 통전어, 새우회 해산물 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 weeks ago 15 minutes 1,436,573 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUpvJWRYX3M	ASMR CLEAR EDIBLE GLASS, PINK POP CAKE, TWIST DRINK, PEACH JELLY, NERDS ROPE JELLY EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 weeks ago 11 minutes, 13 seconds 2,980,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RRa1h8kP3g	ASMR SPICY HOT POT RECIPE Maratang Recipe MALATANG MUKBANG NO TALKING COOKING & EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 weeks ago 2 minutes, 55 seconds 667,303 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RgXr5qD7H4	ASMR MUKBANG *SPICY CHICKEN RECIPE, BLACK BEAN NOODLES, ENOKI MUSHROOM  EATING&COOKING REAL SOUNDS먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 weeks ago 13 minutes, 10 seconds 6,341,236 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPVQMvYGlAM	ASMR CHOCOLATE PARTY *CHOCO CHIPS, MALTESERS, CUP CHOCOLATE, OREO, DONUT, GREEN TEA EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 weeks ago 13 minutes, 52 seconds 2,558,841 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaaOQeMZ9K8	ASMR STEAK, CERVELAT SAUSAGE, ASPARAGUS, TOMATOES (NO TALKING) COOKING&EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 15 minutes 2,182,775 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63N5SZt6Xd0	ASMR BIG BALL ICE, RED ROCK CANDY, STRAWBERRY TANGHULU, CHCOLATE, JELLY EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 12 minutes, 21 seconds 3,564,903 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsOLCnhWAl8	ASMR MOZZARELLA CORN DOGS, SPICY MARA TTEOKBOKKI(RICE CAKE) NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 13 minutes, 21 seconds 1,428,075 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEcnrU3jPIw	ASMR PINK YELLOW DESSERTS *JELLY NOODLES, POPPING BOBA, PEEPS MARSHMALLOW, GUMMY EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 1,003,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VL4ZmSS34KU	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE DESSERTS *DIY SHEET JELLY, MINT CHOCOLATE CAKE, OREO, MARSHMALLOW EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 2,512,002 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkyTfVEqrok	ASMR RAINBOW EDIBLE LIPSTICKS, TIKTOK JELLY, NIK-L-NIP WAX BOTTLES *MOST POPULAR DESSERTS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 14 minutes, 59 seconds 8,928,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvaK3zw5OLs	ASMR UNICORN CAKE, EDIBLE HAIR COMB, PRINCESS MIRROR, RAINBOW COTTON CANDY, MACARONS EATING SOUND 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 12 minutes, 14 seconds 2,681,196 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VQC1FXS8DI	ASMR SOY SAUCE MARINATED RAW CRAB, SHRIMP, ABALONE *KOREAN POPULAR SEAFOOD* COOKING&EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 13 minutes, 32 seconds 2,981,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gmx4FqNvgg	ASMR WATERMELON DESSERTS *JELLY NOODLES, WATERMELON DONUT, TIKTOK JELLY, ROCK CANDY EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 month ago 14 minutes, 36 seconds 8,796,844 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9PYVGF3qrU	ASMR BLUE DESSERTS *SNOBALLS, JUICY DROP, NIK-L-NIP WAX BOTTLE, KOHAKUTO COLOR FOOD EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 11 minutes, 39 seconds 15,443,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsuKEAXxs4o	ASMR LOBSTER TAILS, ENOKI MUSHROOM, NOODLES *SPICY SEAFOOD BOIL RECIPE COOKING & EATING SOUNDS먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 1,747,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nh-OLzhAcKE	ASMR GREEN DESSERTS *Nik-L-Nip WAX STICK, KYOHO JELLY, GREEN TEA CAKE COLOR FOOD EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 6,568,309 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNtdidseKHs	ASMR UNICORN DESSERTS *RAINBOW JELLY, LEGO KOHAKUTO, NIK-L-NIP WAX BOTTLE, ICE CREAM EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 13 minutes, 31 seconds 7,021,730 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTfrNewJMJk	ASMR RAW SALMON, SPICY NODDLES TTEOKBOKKI, KOREAN SWEET CHICKEN COOKING & EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 15 minutes 1,815,119 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6VV1QuKM_w	ASMR ORANGE EDIBLE SPOON, CLEAR SHEET JELLY, GOLD FISH, TIKTOK FRUITS CANDY, TANGHULU EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 2,649,157 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxPGUARLH7Q	ASMR MOZZARELLA CHEETOS CHICKEN, SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES, KOREAN KIMCHI EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 4,697,877 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtxIViaiwaw	ASMR EDIBLE HAIR COMB, PINK JELLO SHOTS, PEACH JELLY, UFO CANDY, MACARONS *PINK FOOD EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 10 minutes, 10 seconds 3,431,388 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Y5vIW1gpU8	ASMR EDIBLE LIPSTICK, LEGO WAX BOTTLE, NIK-L-NIP WAX STICKS, GALAXY MUKBANG *COLOR FOOD PINK PURPLE* by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 9 minutes, 12 seconds 5,674,052 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8l2h66ytWU	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD HOT POT MALATANG(마라탕) ENOKI MUSHROOM, OCTOPUS, NOODLES EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 12 minutes, 7 seconds 1,955,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gBz-Tn92u8	ASMR RED DESSERTS * STRAWBERRY MACARONS, TANGHULU, JELLY BALLS, ROLL CAKE EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 months ago 8 minutes, 56 seconds 1,969,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y5ro4IqqLQ	ASMR EDIBLE LIPSTICK, NIK-L-NIK WAX STICK, LEMON ICE, JELLY, *YELLOW FOOD* EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 10 minutes, 1 second 3,593,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpuyKXIEL8Q	Tiktok Jelly Fruit Candy Challenge, Rainbow Jelly Noodles, Raindrop Cake EATING SOUNDS ASMR MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 5,164,658 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_2ux9UWRcE	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD *LIVE CUTTLEFISH, SHRIMP, GOLDEN SEA SQUIRT, SEA CUCUMBER EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 1,571,549 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAiG3CWeggw	ASMR SPICY CHICKEN, GOLD ENOKI MUSHROOM, MARA GLASS NOODLES COOKING RECIPE&EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 10 minutes, 15 seconds 4,530,653 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxsqOD5cbQM	ASMR CHERRY BLOSSOM JELLY, PINK COOKIE, ALOE TANGHULU, FLOWER JELLY, RAINDROP CAKE EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 10 minutes, 27 seconds 2,694,272 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S27NRGXd34U	ASMR EDIBLE TOWEL, SPOONS, GOLD BLACK SILK JELLY, TAPIOCA PEARLS BOBA, TANGHULU, DIAMOND ICE MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 2,459,422 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tZOWT0CkM4	ASMR RAINBOW EDIBLE CRAYONS, NIK-L-NIP WAX STICK *MOST POPULAR DESSERTS* EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 4,801,734 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcOAA35UVrM	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, LOBSTER TAILS, SPICY FIRE NOODLES MUKBANG COOKING&EATING SOUNDS KOREAN먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 7 minutes, 13 seconds 1,265,232 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMPvXJWF4i8	ASMR RAINBOW FOOD DESSERTS PLANET GUMMI, MARSHMALLOW TANGHULU , ROPE JELLY, CANDIED FRUITS MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 9 minutes, 2 seconds 2,556,633 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ksfD326veU	ASMR CLEAR FOOD ICE, EDIBLE JELLO CUPS, ALOE VERA TANGHULU, WHITE JELLY, ROCK CANDY, SLIME MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 5,592,750 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbbtxUlXG60	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD BOIL MUKBANG *OCTOPUS, OYSTER, CUTTLEFISH, GLASS NOODLES COOKING&EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 9 minutes, 7 seconds 5,837,248 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ha-a3Wv0Z0Q	ASMR WATERMELON DESSERTS, RAINDROP CAKE, JELLY BAR, TANGHULU, GUMMY, MACARON EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 10 minutes, 37 seconds 9,968,261 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsHTyf_KqBo	ASMR PINK YELLOW FOOD *EDIBLE JELLO CUPS, HONEYCOMB, RAINBOW COLOR ROPE JELLY, MACARONS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 3 months ago 11 minutes, 35 seconds 5,082,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWdeOKbf0vw	ASMR SPICY MARA MUSHROOMS MUKBANG WITH FIRE SAUCE *ENOKI MUSHROOM, SHIITAKE, OYSTER COOKING&EATING먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 8 minutes, 7 seconds 4,438,343 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6oyQ2zfO-U	ASMR RAINBOW COKE JELLY, HAMBURGER MACARON, JELLY NOODLES, FAST FOOD GUMMY, POPPING COOKIE MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 12 minutes, 33 seconds 3,160,781 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfkBkyEE-Lk	ASMR GALAXY CANDY, PLANET JELLY, NOODLE JELLY, PURPLE FOOD*MOST POPULAR FOOD GALAXY DESSERTS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 10 minutes, 4 seconds 5,807,859 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vZMdhKOWz8	ASMR SPICY CHEETOS CHICKEN, CHEESE BALLS, MOZZARELLA STICKS, SWEET CHICKEN(RECIPE) EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 6,624,823 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXmn4oxKdvE	ASMR RED DESSERTS *UNICORN JELLY, RAINDROP STRAWBERRY CAKE, TANGHULU, ROPE JELLY, ICED JUICE MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 12 minutes, 13 seconds 6,667,813 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Kle_RoOVE4	ASMR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS MUKBANG *EDIBLE CUP, ICE CREAM, CAKE, WAFFLE, WAFER STICK EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 12 minutes, 38 seconds 1,873,724 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4R_Tc9m58U	ASMR OCTOPUS, RAW ANCHOVY, SEA SQUIRT, ABALONE  EATING *HOW TO PREPARE SEAFOOD RECIPE* MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 12 minutes, 3 seconds 4,167,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv7fwPzn4yo	ASMR UNICORN HONEYCOMB, EDIBLE SPOON, JELLY NOODLES, ROCK CANDY, RAINBOW JELLY CAKE DESSERTS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 12 minutes, 42 seconds 14,658,694 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBeqMGfRBL4	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, TTEOKBOKKI(RECIPE), SPICY CHICKEN *KOREAN FOOD* COOKING & EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 11 minutes, 10 seconds 3,178,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YJn-pudqHY	ASMR EDIBLE JELLO CUPS, SHEET JELLY, CANDIED FRUITS, ICE CREAM *MOST POPULAR DESSERTS MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 11 minutes, 5 seconds 5,119,748 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7e-S-MHWsI	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD BOIL, ENOKI MUSHROOM, OCTOPUS, NOODLES, ABALONE *KOREAN RECIPE* EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 11 minutes, 11 seconds 16,042,794 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqwbrBK7Lgs	ASMR RAINBOW JELLY, CAKE, MACARON, ROPE GUMMY, JELLY NOODLES *MOST POPULAR DESSERTS EATING MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 11 minutes, 51 seconds 25,723,138 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1azeYN8F0Q	ASMR RAW BEEF, SALMON, OYSTER 육회, 생굴, 연어회, 홀스래디쉬 소스 먹방 SEAFOOD MUKBANG (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 8 minutes, 49 seconds 2,387,405 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYSHmcyV-5o	ASMR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS MUKBANG *OREO CAKE, ICE CREAM, WAFER STICK, COBAIN SNACK ALMOND  EATING 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 4 months ago 11 minutes, 19 seconds 2,967,948 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5CJxEaNIZ4	ASMR SPICY CHICKEN, HONEYCOMB TANGHULU, CANDIED FRUITS STRAWBERRY, CHERRY COOKING & EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 5,230,036 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AI6qpMI2AQ	ASMR MINT CHOCOLATE CAKE, FROZEN JELLY, GOLD POP DESSERT, MACARON, CANDY MILK COOKING&EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 11 minutes, 54 seconds 4,399,675 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJULSt_ybao	ASMR SPICY OCTOPUS, OYSTER, BOSSAM, SALTED SEAFOOD, KIMCHI *POPULAR KOREAN FOOD* EATING MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 2,933,500 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeNZGsEDTb0	ASMR RED FOOD *JELLO SHOOTER, EDIBLE GLASSES, JELLY NOODLES, SOUR ROLLS, RED VELVET OREO MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 12 minutes, 35 seconds 6,740,620 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjsqJWT6QyQ	ASMR HOT PEPPER BLACK BEAN NOODLES, KIELBASA SAUSAGE, SPAM, ENOKI MUSHROOM COOKING&EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 9,685,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWsNQYWUEbA	ASMR GOLD DESSERTS *HIPPO CHOCOLATE, ICE CREAM ROLL, STAR CANDY, DALGONA COFFEE RECIPE MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 11 minutes, 59 seconds 1,708,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFxMocCZv0A	ASMR SPICY HOT POT RECIPE, GLASS NOODLES, SHRIMP, LAMB MEAT *MALATANG* COOKING & EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 13 minutes, 8 seconds 3,402,253 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So5kLVY1N4Y	ASMR EDIBLE TOWEL, FRUITS TTEOK, CREPE CAKE *GREEN TEA, STRAWBERRY, MANGO EATING&COOKING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 6,156,674 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aD3BrGDy1I	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD *OYSTERS, SCALLOPS, FRESH SEA SQUIRT (HOW TO FILLET A WHOLE FISH) EATING MUKBANG 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 10 minutes, 25 seconds 4,408,260 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYlHoFhDYyw	ASMR GALAXY CANDY, EDIBLE TOWEL, SPOON, JELLY NOODLES, NERD ROPE, PLANET GUMMY COLOR FOOD MUKBANG먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 11,301,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoojgBdNxFY	ASMR SPICY GOLDEN ENOKI MUSHROOMS MUKBANG (RECIPE) WITH MARA FIRE SAUCE NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 5 minutes, 46 seconds 18,581,582 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9TFo-0HyD8	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD&KIMCHI NOODLES MUKBANG(RECIPE) LOBSTER TAIL, SHRIMP, CRAB, MUSHROOM EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 1,285,566 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ7Zh2ZKuSU	ASMR PINK DESSERTS EDIBLE JELLO SHOT, SHEET JELLY, NERDS ROPE, CHERRY BLOSSOM PRETZEL EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 11,644,933 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgkopEeKFMM	ASMR DOUBLE CHEESE BURGER, HONEYCOMB, CHEESE ONION RINGS, HASH BROWNS COOKING&EAITNG SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 5 months ago 9 minutes, 39 seconds 3,092,796 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVkK7LIeOUQ	ASMR CLEAR&BLUE EMERALD JELLO, NOODLE JELLY, GIANT GEL, ROCK CANDY, NERDS ROPE EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 8 minutes, 59 seconds 13,660,763 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUy_w0IoKGo	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD *SEA CUCUMBER, SEA PINEAPPLE, CLAMS, SPOON WORM, FISH SASHIMI MUKBANG EATING KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 11 minutes, 31 seconds 5,561,980 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZBZbnrIrZo	ASMR *RECIPE* CANDIED FRUITS CHERRY, KUMQUAT STRAWBERRY TANGHULU MUKBANG COOKING & EATING SOUND by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 19,564,885 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kz03d9KBaKQ	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD MUKBANG 꼴뚜기회, 산낙지회 해산물 먹방 BABY SQUID, OCTOPUS NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 6,191,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AD3byGje1ok	ASMR LAMB STEAK, SPICY FIRE NOODLES, SALMON, SQUID (RECIPE) MUKBANG NO TALKING COOKING&EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 12 minutes, 56 seconds 5,022,956 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RerQtmCHBCk	ASMR RAINBOW DESSERTS *COTTON CANDY, PEEPS MARSHMALLOW, RAINBOW EGG JELLY, BOBA, CHOCOLATE MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 12 minutes, 54 seconds 10,677,808 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4-TYjeLb5Q	ASMR SPICY COLD NOODLES, FRIED SHRIMP, CRUNCH FISH (RECIPE) NO TALKING COOKING&EATING SOUNDS MUKBNAG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 2,951,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOR56l4UVl0	ASMR ORANGE FOOD *SHEET JELLY, TANGERINE JELLY(RECIPE), CHEETOS, TAPIOCA BOBA, ICED EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 13 minutes, 3 seconds 7,233,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCYJP_aePqc	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, FRIED CHICKEN, SAUSAGE TTEOK (RECIPE) NO TALKING EATING & COOKING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 6,000,655 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_n_nqdCeyQ	ASMR BLACK & WHITE FOOD *JELLY(GALAXY CANDY, STAR SUGAR) CREAM PUFF, TAPIOCA PEARLS, OREO MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 13 minutes, 5 seconds 3,851,368 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZbJlD5AUWw	ASMR SPICY OCTOPUS, TTEOKBOKKI(RICE CAKE), NOODLES, FRIED DUMPLING NO TAKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 10 minutes, 47 seconds 6,836,707 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J70H4YMrYKE	ASMR FRUITS RICE CAKE, GREEN BUBBLE TEA, STRAWBERRY TTEOK,TAPIOCA PEARL(BOBA) COOKING&EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 12 minutes, 27 seconds 4,699,391 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCehoabObvI	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SPICY CHICKEN, KIMCHI (RECIPE) NO TALKING EATING & COOKING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 6,824,518 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF4n74kY_uE	ASMR SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOM, SNOW FUNGUS, WIDE NOODLES *FIRE SAUCE* EATING & COOKING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 7 minutes, 22 seconds 8,199,395 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzp9cvFAVgE	ASMR YELLOW DESSERT CHEESE CAKE, ICE CREAM MOCHI, HONEYCOMB, CANDIED FRUITS, JELLY, KOHAKUTO MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 6 months ago 11 minutes, 24 seconds 15,636,609 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCnjb6OvS10	ASMR SPICY SAUSAGE STEW MUKBANG *FIRE NOODLE, SPAM, KIMCHI, CHEESE, BEEF COOKING & EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 2,809,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIDLxJlmkfA	ASMR SEAFOOD BOIL MUKBANG LOBSTER TAIL, SHRIMP, CRAB, ABALONE, SAUSAGE, CORN, POTATOES EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 11 minutes, 30 seconds 12,359,743 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDaO_P9KIrA	ASMR GREEN FOOD *EDIBLE TOWEL CREPE CAKE, SYRINGE, NERDS ROPE JELLY, TANGHULU, MOCHI EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 10 minutes, 9 seconds 5,412,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFEfbydhsbk	ASMR SEAFOOD MUKBANG OUTOPUS, CONCH, HALF-DRIED PACIFIC SAURY (RECIPE) NO TALKING EATING SOUDNS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 12 minutes, 49 seconds 2,883,501 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqKnRukMWL0	ASMR BLUE FOOD MUKBANG *EDIBLE JELLO CUPS, GEODE CRYSTAL, NERDS ROPE,  PLANET GUMMY, EYEBALL JELLY by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 11 minutes, 38 seconds 10,696,973 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snbloGronak	ASMR FRIED SPICY CHICKEN, HONEYCOMB, MOZZARELLA CORN DOGS NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 10 minutes, 45 seconds 13,914,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDLercMcMzg	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD NOODLES MUKBANG & RECIPE *OYSTER, OCTOPUS, SCALLOP, MUSHROOM EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 3,975,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSrnVcIVUxQ	ASMR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS MUKBANG EDIBLE SPOON, MALTEASERS, ICE CREAM CONE, KOREAN SNACK EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 11 minutes, 29 seconds 10,442,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SsOjNjH1Oo	ASMR RAW TUNA SASHIMI MUKBANG *SWORDFISH BELLY, OTORO, KAMADO (NO TALKING) SEAFOOOD EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 10 minutes, 29 seconds 3,428,570 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgXjOc9VgUw	ASMR STEAK CHEESEBUGER, CHICKEN NUGGETS, WINGS, FRIES MUKBANG (NO TALKING) EATING & COOKING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 13 minutes, 34 seconds 2,832,663 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzN_x5hWtlU	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR *RAINBOW PARTY* POPPING BOBA, JEWELRY JELLY, GUMMY, COOKIES MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 99,264,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dr3vxkEfHc	ASMR GIANT STRAWBERRY 대왕 딸기 생크림, 딸기 탕후루 먹방 WHIPPED CREAM, CANDIED FRUITS TANGHULU MUKBANG EATING by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 7 months ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 4,231,452 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZPCZ2O9Mmk	ASMR SPICY NOODLES, OCTOPUS, OYSTER, SCALLOPS, ENOKI MUSHROOM MUKBANG (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 7 minutes, 1 second 8,168,861 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5p0-fLGwmw	ASMR NOODLES TTEOKBOKKI, CHEETOS CHICKEN, FRIED SQUID 치토스치킨, 누들 떡볶이, 갑오징어튀김 먹방 NO TALKING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 4,191,685 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_1GnA_4uDo	ASMR PURPLE DESSERT *JELLY NOODLES, BTS STARBUCKS, GALAXY CANDY, KYOHO JELLY, GUMMY EATING SOUNDS 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 33,865,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXw1OWeO3Ts	ASMR SPICY BRAISED SEAFOOD 매운 대왕해물찜 먹방 *SEAFOOD BOIL* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG & COOKING by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 10 minutes, 16 seconds 22,061,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsuHI9DZ920	ASMR BEEF RIBS, GLASS NOODLE, ABALONE *KOREAN FOOD 전복 소갈비찜, 중국당면 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 11 minutes, 28 seconds 1,690,207 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5MLUjmvQoM	ASMR MUKBANG STRAWBERRY TANGHULU, JELLY 딸기 디저트 먹방 *딸기 탕후루, 젤리, 찹쌀떡, 케이크 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 10 minutes, 28 seconds 7,565,339 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_GqHL6bBJ4	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD MUKBANG *GIANT RAW OYSTER, STEAMED OYSTERS* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 2,828,373 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YozYD9Q6OYM	ASMR CHEETOS CHICKEN, BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SPICY MARA ENOKI MUSHROOM NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 10 minutes, 56 seconds 8,546,420 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qeEpNk5Vvc	ASMR EDIBLE TAPE, PEEPS MARSHMALLOWS, JELLY ROLLS, CAKE *GREEN FOODS* NO TALKING EATING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 11 minutes, 53 seconds 3,257,852 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZwWyghbmYY	ASMR MARINATED SALMON 직접 만든 연어장, 대왕 연어초밥 먹방 *SOY SAUCE SEAFOOD MUKBANG* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 4,576,212 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zny3QJ7pYSk	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD MUKBANG *OCTOPUS, OYSTER, ABALONE, SEA SQUIRT, SEA GRAPES NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 4,291,213 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxdZsdnVFiE	ASMR MOST POPULAR TANGHULU 탕후루 먹방 *CANDIED FRUITS* 지구젤리, 알로에, 딸기, 벌집꿀, 마시멜로우, 마카롱 NO TAKING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 11 minutes, 21 seconds 34,079,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlhvGyWa4sQ	ASMR SOY SAUCE MARINATED RAW CRAB KOREAN POPULAR FOOD MUKBANG GANJANG-GEJANG NO TALKING EATING SOUND by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 7,148,274 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KBoq5At78s	ASMR MOST POPULAR FOOD DESSERT NIK-L-NIPS WAX BOTTLES, NERDS ROPE CANDY, JELLY NOODLES, BOBA MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 10 minutes, 23 seconds 11,168,614 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-IAO64ZGGw	ASMR SPICY OCTOPUS, ENOKI MUSHROOM, CHICKEN FEET, GLASS NOODLES NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 8 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 9,446,791 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVY4ndsnkpg	ASMR RAW BEEF SASHIMI MUKBANG *KOREAN STYLE STEAK TARTARE YUKHOE* (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 7 minutes, 11 seconds 4,942,645 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrOAhvxUNoU	ASMR PINK FOOD *핑크 지구젤리, 젤리국수, 보바, 푸딩, 찹쌀떡 JELLY NOODLES, CANDY SPRINKLES, PINK PLANET GUMMY MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 9,245,331 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKHAR0VOctI	ASMR RAW SEAFOOD MUKBANG BABY SQUID, SHRIMP, OYSTER, ABALONE, SEA GRAPES by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 10 minutes, 22 seconds 14,795,764 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDtOu5VC_Z4	ASMR HOT CHEETOS MOZZARELLA CORN DOGS, ONION RING (NO TALKING) CRUNCHY EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 8 minutes, 57 seconds 7,111,146 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuYaqI6MhKQ	ASMR *SNOW EDITION* PLANET GUMMY, SNOW ICE, SPOON, POPPING BOBA, MACARON, WHITE OREO, JELLY MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 8,987,830 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsGXQ6hoNtA	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD NOODLES (RECIPE) *OYSTER, CRAB, SQUID, SHRIMP* COOKING & EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 4,615,173 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7KTJYNPgms	ASMR SALMON NOODLES *SEAFOOD MUKBANG* RAW SALMON & FLAT FISH SASHIMI NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 8 minutes, 39 seconds 2,521,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkq-cUcbvU0	ASMR GALAXY CANDY, RAINBOW JELLY NOODLES, HONEYCOMB, ALOE, BOBA MUKBANG *MOST POPULAR FOOD (PART2)* by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 7 minutes, 27 seconds 6,766,127 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3Iu9Xq-TaU	ASMR CREAMY LOBSTER, SHRIMP MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING & COOKING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 9 minutes 1,221,802 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aehgwDOfr3g	ASMR TUNA SASHIMI MUKBANG OTORO, KAMADO *RAW FATTY BLUEFIN TUNA* (NO TALKING) SEAFOOOD EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 3,218,283 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0-P7fSMB_k	ASMR SPICY MARA MUSHROOMS MUKBANG(RECIPE) WITH FIRE GOCHUJANG SAUCE (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 28,568,864 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSsMIIln4ZA	ASMR S'MORES DIP, GIANT MARSHMALLOW, CANDIED TANGHULU, MOCHI MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 2,708,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxnAAzOhXKs	ASMR TOMAHAWK STEAK, ABALONE, ASPARAGUS, MUSHROOM MUKBANG & COOKING (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 9 months ago 12 minutes, 16 seconds 3,258,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSAHCgmQB7A	ASMR RAW OYSTER MUKBANG SEAFOOD NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN Tiram besar, หอยนางรมตัวใหญ่, 巨大な生牡蠣 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 8 minutes, 23 seconds 3,819,445 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q13YfXuHXjU	ASMR CHEETOS CHICKEN, HONEYCOMB, TANGHULU MUKBANG (NO TALKING) COOKING & EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 10 minutes, 43 seconds 6,512,077 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6I5032fD0	ASMR SPICY MARA MUSHROOM, OCTOPUS, NOODLE, Spicy Maracas by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 22,823,083 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdlMN8wiyvw	ASMR KOREAN SEAFOOD MUKBAnG*RAW BUTTER FISH by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 7,939,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAO_WyzfN3g	ASMR SPICY BLACK BEAN NOODLES, STEAK MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 6 minutes, 29 seconds 972,512 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtqR3dIyEw0	ASMR RAW FISH HAMACHI(YELLOW TAIL) SEAFOOD MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 11 minutes, 52 seconds 2,898,510 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfqcQX7rC7c	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR *GALAXY* HONEY COMB, POPPING BOBA, PLANET GUMMY, CALAXY CANDY MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 8 minutes, 24 seconds 21,387,394 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWWyA3jTvk8	ASMR RAW OCTOPUS, OYSTER MUKBANG *FRESH SEAFOOD* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 7 minutes, 44 seconds 3,632,976 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvcCcgr5ilM	ASMR SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOMS *RECIPE* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 5 minutes, 13 seconds 15,351,013 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fq5rwrLZnmk	ASMR CANDIED FRUITS TANGHULU MUKBANG *ICE CRAKING SOUNDS* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 7 minutes, 12 seconds 2,381,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pkl4NBbo3w	ASMR OCTOPUS, OYSTER, SALMON, SEA GRAPES, SCALLOPS *SEAFOOD MUKBANG* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 9 minutes, 47 seconds 9,302,490 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VICKKdLNPDE	ASMR SPICY FIRE NOODLES, FRIED CHICKEN, CORN DOGS MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 8 minutes, 10 seconds 1,869,159 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVE0HsZ_nnA	ASMR SUSHI PLATTER, SMOKED SALMON, OCTOPUS FRIED TOFU SUSHI MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 10 months ago 10 minutes, 14 seconds 1,330,735 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJ7bIbYQJuI	ASMR OCTOPUS, OYSTER, SHRIMP *SPICY SEAFOOD NOODLES* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 11 minutes, 1 second 5,092,544 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmQyswlm0sQ	ASMR STARBUCKS CAKE, MACARON, EYEBALLS JELLY, TANGHULU, ROCK CANDY NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 9 minutes, 11 seconds 1,222,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaOG-HoeXRs	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD OCTOPUS, SQUID, SHRIMP, ABALONE, ENOKI MUSHROOM MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUND by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 15,051,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ1qJ_7p1lc	ASMR BABY SQUID, SEA PINEAPPLE *FRESH SEAFOOD PLATTER* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 10 minutes, 7 seconds 6,424,887 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEQpwr_3e54	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR CHOCOLATE PARTY *MALTESERS, ICE CREAM, CAKE, OREO, COOKIE, MOCHI, PEPERO* by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 8 minutes, 40 seconds 3,421,280 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwW4QT6qyTs	ASMR FILET MIGNON, ASPARAGUS, MUSHROOM MUKBANG NO TALKING COKING AND EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 11 minutes, 8 seconds 4,219,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYDSOrquQdk	ASMR RAW SALMON, SHRIMP SASHIMI MUKBANG *FRESH SEAFOOD PLATTER* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 2,712,259 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVkKw4LfhNw	ASMR SPICY CHICKEN, BLACK BEAN NOODLES MUKBANG *HOMEMADE FOOD* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 22,269,152 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM4EIfGaFCQ	ASMR GIANT RAW OYSTER MUKBANG *FRESH SEAFOOD* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 5 minutes, 11 seconds 4,721,808 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFxukj2OMJ0	ASMR CHINES SPICY HOT POT MUKBANG *MALATANG RECIPE* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 11 months ago 11 minutes, 18 seconds 6,385,174 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJeFR3MtMZM	ASMR RAW OCTOPUS, SPOON WORM, SEA SQUIRT, SEA PEACH MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 39 seconds 2,970,839 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Spstn05vySM	ASMR EXOTIC FRUIT PLATTER MUKBANG *JUICY & CRUNCHY* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 55 seconds 1,390,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy3L2ZAUW1I	ASMR SEAFOOD SASHIMI MUKBANG SLICED RAW GIZZARD NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 46 seconds 3,951,525 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuM5KRtQW1U	ASMR SPICY FIRE NOODLES, GRILLED PORK BELLY with RECIPE *BIG BITES* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 955,562 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqUywjb__yM	ASMR SASHIMI SALMON, FLATFISH, ROCK COD SEAFOOD MUKBANG (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 925,418 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWpxEY7bWPc	ASMR BARBECUED BEEF PIZZA, CHEESY DIPPING SAUCE, HONEY COMB MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 49 seconds 475,914 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hoCCNaeFww	ASMR SPICY MUSHROOMS FEAST WITH FIRE SAUCE *ENOKI, SHIITAKE, OYSTER etc* NO TALKING MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 6,992,374 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pT9hJ1pigM	ASMR KFC & BUGERKING MUKBANG *HAMBERGER, CHICKEN, HOT WINGS, COCONUT SHRIMP, BISCUIT, EGG TART* by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 31 seconds 995,430 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsCbVZont_Y	ASMR STEAK TARTARE 'YUKHOE' KOREAN STYLE & RECIPE (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 3,652,942 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVIfqnYpddA	ASMR FIRE NOODLES, SPICY CHICKEN MUKBANG *BIG BITES* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 8 seconds 5,139,148 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7r3yhfAXwA	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD BOIL *MALAXIANGGUO* OCTOPUS, SHRIMP, ENOKI MUSHROOMS CHINESE FOOD MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 37 seconds 4,732,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwgN03U_05I	ASMR GIANT SALMON SASHIMI, HORSERADISH SAUCE MUKBANGㅣHONGYU ASMR by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 4 seconds 2,404,761 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBkX9atpwwQ	ASMR SPICY CHICKEN & FRIED CHICKEN LEGS, FRIED CHICKEN SKIN MUKBANG KOREAN (NO TALKING) by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 6 seconds 4,068,607 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wL6Cq2R0ouw	ASMR CRAYFISH MUKBANG *SPICY, CHEESE SAUCE* SEAFOOD CRAB LOBSTER NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 28 seconds 1,206,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjRffaEvq3M	ASMR GRILLED ABALONE *SPICY MALA&BUTTER* SEAFOOD MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 8 seconds 1,966,101 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neVuj_w52cw	ASMR NOODLE JELLY, POP ROCKS, GUMMY, MARSHMALLOW (NO TALKING) EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 13 seconds 3,521,306 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toE6IdvRoCo	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SPICY ENOKI MUSHROOM MUKBANG *MALA SAUCE* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 1 second 9,469,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWSWk1FLjDQ	ASMR TUNA SASHIMI *RAW FISH* SEAFOOD MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 4 minutes, 54 seconds 562,312 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH3KQ_Ikqn4	ASMR CHEESE BALLS, FRIED CHICKEN MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 14 seconds 1,945,398 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFF-TDFyMZk	ASMR SPICY HOT POT MALATANG MUKBANG *China's Sichuan Cuisine* (No Talking) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 2,008,235 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI3_pNHLwFU	ASMR CREAM PASTA MUKBANG *SHRIMP&BACON * (No Talking) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 11 seconds 2,557,732 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJnH9XG6Lh4	ASMR Cherry Bingsu & Popping Boba  KOREAN SHAVED ICE DESSERT MUKBANG  (No Talking) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 2 seconds 469,039 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJ3UEZHjfxM	ASMR Cheese Spicy Rice Cake  MUKBANG *Tteokbokki, Assorted Fries, Sundae* (No Talking) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 36 seconds 762,180 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu4FgcxqovE	ASMR SALMON&FLATFISH SASHIMI *KOREAN SEAFOOD  HWEH* MOJITO (No Talking) EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 1 second 417,851 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4n62ORir5M	ASMR MOZZARELLA CORN DOGS MUKBANG *Cheese&Spicy sauce* (No Talking) EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 3,210,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX6u6TNrCvA	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SPICY FRIED CHICKEN, KIMCHI 트러플오일 짜파게티, 양념치킨 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 33 seconds 5,596,596 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwkQeTuCRc0	ASMR Spicy Marinated Raw Crab *Yangnyeom Gejang* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 34 seconds 1,346,209 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4jN0mnHO4k	SPAGHETTI ASMR MUKBANG *SHRIMP&MUSHROOM* 로제파스타 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUND by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 17 seconds 2,753,520 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw7BY8HiEAI	ASMR Korean Army Stew 부대찌개 먹방 *BUDAE JJIGAE* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 542,949 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqD90vCzUAU	MELON BINGSU ASMR 멜론빙수 KOREAN SHAVED ICE DESSERT NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 45 seconds 195,117 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O5_9Qrkzk	Spicy Enoki Mushroom ASMR 팽이버섯 먹방  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 54 seconds 4,623,937 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brmHBqIXDQg	BLACK BEAN NOODLES ASMR *Jajangmyeon & Fried Dumpling* 짜장면 먹방  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 38 seconds 1,623,847 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwQSRQhVrx8	Korean Seafood ASMR *Mulhoe* 물회 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 32 seconds 494,142 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfE5jVtSWtM	Cheese Balls ASMR  *Fried Chicken, Cheese Stick, Rice Cake* 뿌링클 전메뉴 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 3 seconds 3,070,975 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZYabxjbdSQ	ASMR Cheesy Corn Dog, Mozzarella Tteokbokki 분모자 떡볶이, 명랑핫도그 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 12 minutes, 18 seconds 1,598,335 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hQicGoMxP8	Raw Salmon ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 송어회 먹방 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 47 seconds 620,040 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU8CovTo4AU	ASMR Big Scallops *Spicy Steamed Clams* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN MUKBANG 대왕 가리비찜 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 17 seconds 989,178 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7A-kKPyj2I	ASMR Mukbangㅣ관자회 Jumbo Scallops *RAW SASHIMI* Tobiko eggs 노토킹 이팅사운드 먹방 Korean Seafood Hweh by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 11 minutes, 14 seconds 1,405,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My1nslL_OxU	ASMR MukbangㅣGIANT OCTOPUS SALMON 통문어 연어  MOST POPUAR SEAFOOD NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 12 minutes, 15 seconds 1,252,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7yZ_-4mzhk	ASMR Spicy Seafood Noodles 해물라면 먹방  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 11 minutes, 41 seconds 1,328,486 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EXATyCgvW8	Exotic Fruit Platter ASMR NO TALKING 과일 먹방 JUICY EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 34 seconds 5,013,096 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ry4ErATtn0	ASMR BLACK BEAN NOODLES, SAUSAGE 짜파게티, 소시지, 단무지 먹방  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 138,788 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3aUi_zY2VA	ASMR Spicy Enoki Mushroom Roasted Squid NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG  매운 팽이버섯과 구운 오징어 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 2,088,870 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrUEaRU6sLo	ASMR Raw Water Sea Squirt Sashimi 미더덕회 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS Mukbang Korean Hoe by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 31 seconds 1,820,134 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKXS3ZCjtRc	ASMR Hamberger Eating *Fast Food MUKBANG*  Mom's Touch 햄버거먹방 치즈버거, 치킨텐더 NO TALKING REAL SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 12 minutes, 41 seconds 1,037,613 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2baUmEAY7o	ASMR SPICY SEAFOOD BOIL OCTOPUS SHRIMP 마라 해물찜 중국당면 먹방 NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 13 minutes, 40 seconds 5,134,410 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2j9Q8QLWfk	ASMR Soy Sauce Marinated Raw Crab 간장게장 먹방*Ganjang Gejang*NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG カンジャンケジャン by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 3,483,360 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZgolgRdBvc	GIANT SALMON SUSHI ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 대왕연어초밥 먹방 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 16 seconds 2,753,758 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IlaMGij1s8	BABY SQUID ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 꼴뚜기회 노토킹 이팅사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 11 minutes, 26 seconds 3,895,461 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqYFQY6oNJE	SPICY NOODLES,TURBAN SHELL ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN ㅣ 소라 비빔국수 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 26 seconds 497,433 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB5723IpzPQ	Raw Octopus and Beef ASMR *EXOTIC KOREAN FOOD* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 낙지탕탕이 노토킹 이팅사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 12 minutes, 2 seconds 1,909,798 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4I9dh3YRWdQ	CANDIED FRUITS ASMR TANGHULU *MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR* ㅣ 탕후루 리얼사운드 먹방ㅣNO TALKING EATING SOUNDS by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 12 minutes, 28 seconds 9,430,431 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yE7o2O3Eik	JAPANESE MOCHI ASMR *Cherry Marshmallow* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDSㅣ체리 마시멜로우 모찌 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 4 seconds 347,058 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j03fFwaIghY	NOODLE ASMR *Spicy Baby Octopus* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG ㅣ매콤한 쭈꾸미 라면 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 26 seconds 3,477,029 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-3yaKWaOHE	BLACK BEAN NOODLES ASMR *TRUFFLE OIL* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDSㅣ화사 트러플오일 짜파게티 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 2 seconds 9,297,097 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX78Psc4NlI	Raw Cuttlefish Sashimi ASMR  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS ㅣ갑오징어회 이팅사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 54 seconds 1,202,299 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuHU9TfHkvY	MOST POPULAR SEAFOOD ON MY CHANNEL NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG l해물모듬 노토킹 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 12 minutes, 22 seconds 4,258,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9J-V-I8KMn0	Korean Chicken ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG 뿌링클소스 듬뿍 찍어 뿌링클 치킨닭다리 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 32 seconds 312,616 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB7-w8_b308	RAW OCTOPUS ASMR  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN ㅣ산낙지 먹방 노토킹 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 33 seconds 5,441,649 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkSrznCKDAc	Mozzarella Corn Dogs ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN ㅣ명량핫도그 치즈폭탄 세트 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 2,113,969 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLQsGSZ8ZPs	SALMON SASHIMI ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN ㅣ 연어회 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 26 seconds 1,442,305 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAUWC8WG70I	GIANT OYSTER ASMR *Cherry blossom oyster* MUKBANG NO TALKING + 섬진강 벚굴 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 4 minutes, 1 second 2,303,285 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRs8hGHRD1E	KOREAN FOOD ASMR MUKBANG *Spicy Kimchi Noodles* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS  l 김치비빔국수&돼지갈비 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 8 seconds 178,983 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p21DGWPKKI	Shrimp ASMR MUKBANG NO TALKING (Eating Sounds) KOREAN l 홍새우 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 3 minutes, 39 seconds 154,256 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRJQg2kjQ5s	STRAWBERRY MOCHI ASMR *Chapssaltteok* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDSㅣ딸기찹쌀떡 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 55 seconds 249,865 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PNLQFPUx1c	KOREAN SEAFOOD ASMR MUKBANG *GIANT TURBAN SHELL* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS  l 뿔소라 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 35 seconds 1,084,922 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFcjeux7yYw	SPICY SEAFOOD NOODLE ASMR *Jjamppong ramyon* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDSㅣ해물짬뽕라면 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 40 seconds 1,265,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ugLbsZ4v0U	CANDIED FRUITS ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS *Ice Cracking* Tanghulu (Mukbang Korean)ㅣ탕후루 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 48 seconds 12,941,032 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKKAwO7HCio	KOREAN FOOD ASMR *COCKLE BIBIMBAP+STEAMED EGG VOLCANO* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDSㅣ 꼬막비빔밥+ 폭탄계란찜 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 135,617 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0H8pWQYuzCs	Spicy stir-fried octopus ASMR MUKBANG *Corn cheese* NO TALKING  EATING SOUND + 주꾸미 볶음&콘치즈 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 46 seconds 313,768 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpODIm6Dgsc	TTEOKBOKKI+MINI GIMBAP ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean)ㅣ떡볶이 김밥 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 53 seconds 243,504 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI3zVblEi9E	TANGHULU ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS *CANDIED FRUITS* (Mukbang Korean)ㅣ탕후루 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 50 seconds 470,081 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1THoJF8pN8	SQUID ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 오징어순대 먹방 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 18 seconds 235,660 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1RaJlo9GAc	TONKOTSU RAMEN ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean)ㅣ돈코츠라멘 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 6 seconds 143,992 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s94S35X1b-Y	HONEYCOMB ASMR *RICE CAKE TOAST* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) ㅣ벌꿀 + 인절미토스트 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 1 second 220,801 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dstbLjvSSs	BABY OCTOPUS ASMR  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) ㅣ쭈꾸미 숙회 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 5 seconds 840,329 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBNsalDVm-E	KOREAN SEAFOOD ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) l 숭어회+백골뱅이 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 54 seconds 417,310 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4g4KvHUXbM	CHEESY CARBO FIRE NOODLES & CHICKEN ASMR  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) ㅣ까르보불닭 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 21 seconds 192,006 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxMc4cQ0Wro	ALOE ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS *STICKY+SLIMY+CRUNCHY* (Mukbang Korean) l 알로에 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 260,752 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQuWxQZf2mc	INDIAN FOOD ASMR *CURRY* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) l 인도커리 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 12 seconds 100,811 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8wc-VLqQc	SUSHI ASMR *Soy Sauce Marinated Shrimp(Saeujang)* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS l간장새우초밥 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 30 seconds 445,068 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10U5jd78ceg	STEAK ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) l 스테이크 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 16 seconds 271,179 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AU4XIM6VqEA	SALMON ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS (Mukbang Korean) l 연어회 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 6 seconds 1,678,063 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5o6_htqeMs	Mozzarella Corn Dog ASMR MUKBANG NO TALKING (Eating Sounds) KOREAN l 모짜렐라 핫도그 먹방 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 2,322,670 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK41tSorbPg	Steamed Clams ASMR MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 조개찜 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes 802,217 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DUAHm4gxUI	VIETNAMESE PHO NOODLES ASMR *BIG BITES* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 쌀국수 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 33 seconds 122,984 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLmvzLh2hF8	OCTOPUS ASMR *Spicy Stir-Fried* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 매운 낙지볶음 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 43 seconds 1,669,057 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aclC9f4bFo	KOREAN FOOD ASMR *Pig's Trotters(Jokbal)* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN+ 통족발 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 5 seconds 237,574 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-f5jpHCPlk	SUSHI ASMR *PLATTER* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 모듬초밥 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 35 seconds 468,857 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg_uGEfDpBA	Black Bean Noodles ASMR MUKBANG NO TALKING + 짜장면 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 660,716 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQ2voxWuT-A	OYSTER ASMR *RAW&FRESH* MUKBANG NO TALKING + 굴 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 13 seconds 2,512,245 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQYwr45g4Fc	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR PART3 *HONEYCOMB, ALOE VERA, POPPING BOBA, TANGHULU*NO TALKING 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 30 seconds 34,360,132 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7huYnExRHUI	KOREAN SPICY CHICKEN & FRIED CHICKEN ASMR  NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 황금올리브 치킨 먹방 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 13 seconds 1,167,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSWHBLeKRgU	ALFREDO PASTA MUKBANG ASMR *CREAMY SHRIMP* NO TALKING + 크림새우 파스타 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 35 seconds 887,873 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iprAmz-pIY	BURGER KING ASMR BIG BITES NO TALKING MUKBANG *WHOPPER FEAST* + 버거킹 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 19 seconds 128,351 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cR9vqEcuQLY	ABALONE SASHIMI ASMR *CRUNCHY* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 전복 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 26 seconds 1,562,629 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MNLVkrFoKs	MOZZARELLA CHEESE ASMR *PORK CUTLET* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 치즈돈까스 먹방 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 42 seconds 405,226 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Em_PZdfekPs	SQUID ASMR *SPICY SEAFOOD NOODLES* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 오징어라면 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 58 seconds 719,950 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3TL9pKU3uU	DEEP FRIED SHRIMP ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 새우튀김 먹방 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 30 seconds 413,854 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfAXhpsOF-4	KOREAN FOOD ASMR KIMBAP+JAPCHAE NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS +김밥&잡채 먹방 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 39 seconds 130,744 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNQ4nl4wbRg	TANGHULU ASMR *Candied Strawberry* NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 딸기 탕후루 먹방 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 24 seconds 797,771 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfNlUOeqJb4	SEA GRAPE & TOBIKO EGGS ASMR NO TALKING *BEST CRUNCHY SOUND* KOREAN + 바다포도와 날치알 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 16 seconds 192,728 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpLWsGmC9PM	RAINBOW CREPE CAKE ASMR NO TALKING  + 레인보우 크레이프 케이크 먹방 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 55 seconds 176,637 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4o7tfaeolE	SPICY RICE CAKE ASMR *SEAFOOD TTEOKBOKKI*  EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 분모자 떡볶이 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 487,467 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyD5IQkAwbE	DONUT ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 던킨도너츠 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 20 seconds 98,237 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kzm6i2pd_74	Strawberry Whipped cream ASMR, NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS  + 휘핑크림 딸기와 초코마시멜로우 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 140,586 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq1A7uZs4M0	FRUIT ASMR  KOREAN MUKBANG , NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS 과일 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 3 seconds 307,962 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY7FmG9DaHU	SASHIMI ASMR ?BABY SQUID? NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS KOREAN MUKBANG + 꼴뚜기회 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 25 seconds 4,403,807 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gjN_eiTBbQ	COLD NOODLE ASMR, BIBIMMYEON EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG / 비빔면,골뱅이 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 19 seconds 153,216 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYHXxzDSh08	SALMON SASHIMI ASMR EATING SOUNDS MUKBANG KOREAN + 연어회 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 10 seconds 2,280,692 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bMOBlE8UZA	PORK BELLY CHUNK ASMR *KOREAN BBQ* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 통삼겹살 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 45 seconds 732,386 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZMdF-rN5BY	meringue cookies ASMR NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 머랭쿠키 먹방 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 42 seconds 222,379 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6V85FQF1fk	SASHIMI ASMR *HAMACHI* MUKBANG NO TALKING + 방어회 먹방, 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 53 seconds 1,788,804 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEbFmtZL_ac	HONEYCOMB ASMR *STICKY* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 벌꿀 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 43 seconds 2,211,498 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TmBmsTzJKQ	KOREAN NOODLE ASMR *SEAFOOD OYSTER OCTOPUS* MUKBANG NO TALKING EATING SOUNDS + 해물라면 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 18 seconds 1,063,800 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGPuHp4ZW58	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR 'DESSERT' PART2 *NO TALKING* EATING SOUNDS KOREAN by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 10 minutes, 51 seconds 2,738,792 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1zERwtraaE	TUNA ASMR *SASHIMI&SUSHI* No Talking Mukbang (EATING SOUNDS KOREAN) +  참치초밥과 참치회 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes, 3 seconds 153,448 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qp9KiCUGcFs	KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN ASMR MUKBANG(No Talking 먹방) 뿌링클 치킨 닭다리 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 11 minutes, 40 seconds 747,945 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTfPZD9uGI8	FRUIT ASMR MUKBANG KOREAN(No Talking Eating Sounds) + 과일 리얼사운드 노토킹 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 20 seconds 438,449 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBxKM-n064Q	MOST POPULAR FOOD FOR ASMR (No Talking) SEA GRAPES, SALMON, OCTOPUS, TOBIKO NIGIRI Eating Sounds by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 11 minutes, 2 seconds 1,268,086 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chDcVfk6-tc	FIRE NOODLES ASMR EATING SOUNDS (No Talking) + 짜장불닭과 카레불닭 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 51 seconds 107,380 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLp7WqCtQS0	MAGNUM ICE CREAM ASMR *MINI* Eating Sounds (No Talking) KOREAN + 매그넘 노토킹 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 22 seconds 136,319 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfSpV4GZdvs	OYSTER ASMR *PART2* No Talking Mukbang, 석화(굴) 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 4 seconds 1,811,907 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikOCu4sRDgU	CORN DOG ASMR Eating Sounds (No Talking) KOREAN + 명랑핫도그 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 58 seconds 316,475 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dv4XSuWjyzc	BHC 치하오 ASMR 이팅사운드 치킨 + KOREAN CHICKEN Eating Sounds (No Talking) by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 7 minutes, 55 seconds 553,169 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANQf7VOsG_w	TANGHULU ASMR *Candied Fruits* Eating Sounds(No Talking) + 탕후루 이팅사운드ㅣ실패한 탕후루?ㅣtanghulu fail? by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 34 seconds 1,085,252 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8gj2y0TeZ0	Crunchy Shrimp ASMR *Tempura* Eating Sounds (No Talking) KOREAN + 새우튀김 노토킹 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 9 seconds 252,250 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9yRM79ZQsY	BLACK BEAN NOODLES ASMR Eating Sounds (No Talking) + 짜계치 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 47 seconds 181,266 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VycDfQf7qWk	OCTOPUS ASMR (No Talking Mukbang) EATING SOUNDS KOREAN + 문어먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 9 minutes 1,039,834 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHIYzRRT6E8	SEA GRAPE OYSTER ASMR EATING SHOW (No Talking) + 바다포도와 굴 이팅사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 36 seconds 4,837,661 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBn8NKKEZG8	STEAK ASMR (CHEWY EATING *BIG BITES) NO TALKING + 스테이크와 아스파라거스 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 29 seconds 189,711 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIXELAK7Yc4	Raw Oyster ASMR RELAXING & CRUNCH EATING (No Talking) + 굴 먹방 리얼사운드 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 19 seconds 1,040,434 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0qC-3sYr98	SUSHI ASMR RELAXING EATING (No Talking)+ 초밥 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 11 seconds 214,406 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9G-kFvRUz20	CARBO FIRE NOODLE ASMR (No Talking) + 모짜렐라 까르보불닭 리얼사운드 먹방 (노토킹) by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 59 seconds 161,550 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1R17A_mYmBA	BHC 치즈볼과 뿌링클소스 리얼사운드 먹방(노토킹) + CHEESE BALL ASMR EATING SHOW by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 59 seconds 246,074 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78B1Upallok	*BIG BITES* ASMR SUSHI ROLL EATING SHOW + 연어롤 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 6 minutes, 2 seconds 163,206 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUSw6XuJRTA	교촌 허니콤보 리얼사운드 ASMR *Honey Chicken* CRUNCHY EATING NO TALKING by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 8 minutes, 48 seconds 614,122 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_MJiZTmfZg	명랑핫도그 리얼사운드 먹방 ASMR (모짜렐라, 점보, 감자핫도그) + Corn Dogs EATING NO TALKING by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 1 year ago 5 minutes, 43 seconds 327,511 views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbN2ZD8Qrpw	Korean Pork Cutlet ASMR 돈까스 리얼사운드 먹방 by Hongyu ASMR 홍유 2 years ago 13 minutes, 4 seconds 239,654 views
